(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1543
Q1:Did apple computer go up 25 times or down?
Q2:How much did an investment in Apple go?
Best ans: Up 25 times.
['A0: An investment in apple went up 25 times.', 'A1: Up 25 times.', 'A2: It went up 25 times.', 'A3: The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002', 'A4: Down', 'A5: 25 times', 'A6: Up', 'A7: ']
Text:The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. But when I put Apple on the same plot, the computer had to, because Apple did such amazing things, it had to compress. Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. It went up 25 times. This incidentally is the adjusted price for Apple, because in 2005 Apple did a 2-for-1 split. You know what that means? You can see this. You might be surprised to say, wait a minute, did I hear you right? A lot of companies, when the price hits $60 or something like that, they say, well let's just split all the shares in two. An investment in Apple went up 25 times, whereas an investment in the S & P 500 went up only -- well, it didn't go up, actually, it's down. Now, this is a plot showing the monthly returns on Apple. You can't tell from this plot that Apple went. up 25-fold. That matters a lot to an investor. Buy Apple and your money will go up 25-fold, says Warren Buffett. Buffett: "It wasn't an even ride. It's a scary ride" Buffett: Buy Apple in one month, you lose 30% in another month, but you can't tell what's driving it up and down. He says the ride, as you're observing this happen, every month it goes opposite. I just goes big swings. Buffett: The ride is not so obvious because it's a rollercoaster ride. You can't see it happening unless you look at your portfolio. In 1979, the Yale class of 1954 had a 25th reunion, and asked an investor to take a risky portfolio investment for Yale and let's give it to Yale on our 50th anniversary, all right? So, they got a portfolio manager, his name was Joe McNay, and they said -- they put together -- it was $375,000. It's like one house, you know, for all the whole class, no big deal. So, McNay decided to invest in Home Depot, Walmart, and internet stocks. On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented Yale University with $90 million dollars.



(1)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1118
Q1:In what year did the stock market collapse?
Q2:What year did the stock market crash?
Best ans: 1987
['A0: This is a question about stock market collapses. the final answer: 1987.', "A1: October 19, 1987 is the date the stock market collapsed. the probability of a decline that's that negative is 1 over 10 power. the stock market is independent of the law of large numbers. so, the final answer is 1987. the final answer: 1987.", "A2: The stock market collapsed on october 19, 1987. the probability of a decline that's that negative is 1 over 10 power. the stock markets collapsed in 1987. so, the final answer is 1987.", "A3: October 19, 1987 is the date the stock market collapsed. the probability of a decline that's that negative is 1 over 10 power. the stock market is independent of the law of large numbers. so, the final answer is 1987.", 'A4: ', 'A5: 1987', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:If you believe in normality, October 19, 1987 couldn't happen, Bob Greene says. He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" Greene: The probability of a decline that's that negative? It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. That's an awfully small number. But there it is. It happened, Greene says, and in fact, I've been teaching this course for 25 years. It just came as a complete surprise to me. I went downtown to Merrill Lynch. The two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. But that's not what happened in this crisis and that's the big question. You get big incredible shocks that you thought couldn't happen, and they just come up with a certain low probability.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.091
Q1:The speaker is going to talk about what in the context?
Q2:What is the one way people think about a crisis like this?
Best ans: Probability models
['A0: Financial crisis', 'A1: Probability models', "A2: A financial crisis that's bigger than any since the great depression of the 1930's", "A3: Financial crisis that's bigger than any since the great depression of the 1930's.", 'A4: Breakdowns', 'A5: Probabilistic risk models', 'A6: Probability models and systematic risk', 'A7: Financial theory']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(3)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0906
Q1:What happened to the stock market between 2000 and 2002?
Q2:What happened to the stock market?
Best ans: Stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002
['A0: Stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002', 'A1: Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. it went up 25 times.', 'A2: It lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002.', 'A3: Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. it went up 25 times. that matters a lot to an investor.', 'A4: .', 'A5: Lost something like almost half its value', 'A6: Half of its value', 'A7: It went up 25 times']
Text:The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. But when I put Apple on the same plot, the computer had to, because Apple did such amazing things, it had to compress. Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. It went up 25 times. This incidentally is the adjusted price for Apple, because in 2005 Apple did a 2-for-1 split. You know what that means? You can see this. You might be surprised to say, wait a minute, did I hear you right? A lot of companies, when the price hits $60 or something like that, they say, well let's just split all the shares in two. An investment in Apple went up 25 times, whereas an investment in the S & P 500 went up only -- well, it didn't go up, actually, it's down. Now, this is a plot showing the monthly returns on Apple. You can't tell from this plot that Apple went. up 25-fold. That matters a lot to an investor. Buy Apple and your money will go up 25-fold, says Warren Buffett. Buffett: "It wasn't an even ride. It's a scary ride" Buffett: Buy Apple in one month, you lose 30% in another month, but you can't tell what's driving it up and down. He says the ride, as you're observing this happen, every month it goes opposite. I just goes big swings. Buffett: The ride is not so obvious because it's a rollercoaster ride. You can't see it happening unless you look at your portfolio. In 1979, the Yale class of 1954 had a 25th reunion, and asked an investor to take a risky portfolio investment for Yale and let's give it to Yale on our 50th anniversary, all right? So, they got a portfolio manager, his name was Joe McNay, and they said -- they put together -- it was $375,000. It's like one house, you know, for all the whole class, no big deal. So, McNay decided to invest in Home Depot, Walmart, and internet stocks. On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented Yale University with $90 million dollars.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0729
Q1:Why can't we predict hurricanes?
Q2:Why can't we predict hurricanes?
Best ans: We can only forecast hurricanes because there is a limit to how far out we can forecast them.
['A0: Hurricanes are unpredictable and unpredictable. we can only predict them based on mathematical laws.', 'A1: A hurricane is a natural phenomenon that cannot be predicted. weather forecasters can only predict hurricanes within a certain time frame.', 'A2: Weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics to predict hurricanes.', 'A3: We can only forecast hurricanes because there is a limit to how far out we can forecast them.', 'A4: Financial crises', 'A5: Limited time frame before which', 'A6: It has only one time horizon', 'A7: Limited time']
Text: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's. We do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. And once we understand those laws, we can we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. And then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen. It's a little bit like science, real hard science. So, for example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.  People who are steeped in this tradition in finance think that what we're doing is very much like what we do when we do financial forecasts. We have a statistical model, we see all of the shocks coming in, and of course there will be hurricanes. And we can only forecast them -- you know there's a limit to how far out we can forecast them. Weather forecasters can't do that. Same thing with financial crises. We understand the probability laws, there's only a certain time horizon before which we can.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0668
Q1:Which stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929?
Q2:What went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929?
Best ans: Stock market
['A0: This is a question about the stock market. the answer: stock market.', 'A1: On october 30, 1929, the stock market went up 12.53% on wall street.', 'A2: The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. it went down about 12% on october 28, and then the next day it did it again.', "A3: Wall street stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929. that's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.", 'A4: Stock', 'A5: Stocks', 'A6: Stock market', 'A7: Wall street']
Text:A lot of probability theory works on the assumption that variables are normally distributed. But random variables have a habit of not behaving that way, especially in finance it seems. Benoit Mandelbrot was the discoverer of this concept, and I think the most important figure in it. Pierre Paul Levy invented the concept, as discussed in the next lecture in this week's Lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy. The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, a mathematical function. In nature the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs, and that especially in certain kinds of circumstances we have more fat-tailed distributions. The way you find out that they're not the same, is that in extremely rare circumstances there'll be a sudden major jump in the variable that you might have thought couldn't happen. Whether it's Cauchy or normal, they look about the same; they look pretty much the same. But the pink line has tremendously large probability of being far out. These are the tails of the distribution. Stock market went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929. That's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market. But there were maybe like 20 days, I can't read off the chart when it did this since 1928. You can go through ten years on Wall Street and never see a drop of that magnitude. So, eventually you get kind of assured. It can't happen. What about an 8% drop? Well, I look at this, I say, I've never seen that. It just doesn't happen. The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. It went down about 12% on October 28, and then the next day it did it again. That's way off the charts, and if you compute the normal distribution, what's the probability of that? If it's a normal distribution and it fits the central portion, it would say it's virtually zero. It couldn't happen. Anyone have any idea what happened on October 30, 1929? It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to you.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9589
Q1:When you invest in something, what is the increase in the price?
Q2:What is the return to investing in something?
Best ans: The return to investing in something is the increase in the price.
['A0: P t plus 1, or pt.', 'A1: This is the return to investing in something.', "A2: When you invest in something for a time interval, what is your return to investing in something? it's your return.", 'A3: The return to investing in something is the increase in the price.', 'A4: Your returns', 'A5: Returns', 'A6: Return', 'A7: Return to investing in something']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9501
Q1:The author of this passage is a professor at what university?
Q2:Where did Professor Brunnermeier work?
Best ans: University of princeton.
['A0: Harvard', 'A1: Harvard university', 'A2: Penn state', 'A3: University of princeton.', 'A4: Harvard', 'A5: Yale', 'A6: Stanford', 'A7: Princeton university']
Text:It's a concept emphasized by Professor Brunnermeier at Princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. In the present environment, I think, we recognize the need for that.



(8)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9463
Q1:Where did professor brunnermeier work?
Q2:Where did Professor Brunnermeier work?
Best ans: Princeton university
['A0: University of princeton', 'A1: Professor brunnermeier at princeton', 'A2: At princeton, professor brunnermeier worked on the analysis of variance.', 'A3: The concept was emphasized by professor brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues.', 'A4: University', 'A5: At princeton', 'A6: Princeton university', 'A7: Princeton']
Text:It's a concept emphasized by Professor Brunnermeier at Princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. In the present environment, I think, we recognize the need for that.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.938
Q1:When did stock market go up 12.53%?
Q2:What happened on October 30, 1929?
Best ans: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%. that's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.
['A0: It went up 12.53% in 1929.', "A1: This week's lecture is on the idea of the 'normal distribution of random shocks to the financial economy'. stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929.", 'A2: October 30, 1929 is the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.', "A3: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%. that's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.", 'A4: ', 'A5: October 30, 1929', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:A lot of probability theory works on the assumption that variables are normally distributed. But random variables have a habit of not behaving that way, especially in finance it seems. Benoit Mandelbrot was the discoverer of this concept, and I think the most important figure in it. Pierre Paul Levy invented the concept, as discussed in the next lecture in this week's Lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy. The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, a mathematical function. In nature the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs, and that especially in certain kinds of circumstances we have more fat-tailed distributions. The way you find out that they're not the same, is that in extremely rare circumstances there'll be a sudden major jump in the variable that you might have thought couldn't happen. Whether it's Cauchy or normal, they look about the same; they look pretty much the same. But the pink line has tremendously large probability of being far out. These are the tails of the distribution. Stock market went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929. That's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market. But there were maybe like 20 days, I can't read off the chart when it did this since 1928. You can go through ten years on Wall Street and never see a drop of that magnitude. So, eventually you get kind of assured. It can't happen. What about an 8% drop? Well, I look at this, I say, I've never seen that. It just doesn't happen. The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. It went down about 12% on October 28, and then the next day it did it again. That's way off the charts, and if you compute the normal distribution, what's the probability of that? If it's a normal distribution and it fits the central portion, it would say it's virtually zero. It couldn't happen. Anyone have any idea what happened on October 30, 1929? It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to you.



(10)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9319
Q1:Who has a limited liability economy?
Q2:What economy says you can't lose more than the money you put in?
Best ans: We have a limited liability economy.
['A0: This is the most basic concept of finance.', 'A1: People who live in a limited liability economy.', 'A2: We have a limited liability economy.', 'A3: The law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put into something.', 'A4: America', 'A5: American', 'A6: Us', 'A7: We']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6523
Q1:Why was there a pre-break around 2000?
Q2:What is a pre-break?
Best ans: A pre-break is when a market collapses. the stock market collapsed around the world in 2000 and then came back again after 2003.
['A0: There was an pre-break when stocks collapsed around the world.', 'A1: When the stock market collapsed around 2000, the speaker explains that it was a pre-break.', 'A2: A pre-break is when a market collapses. the stock market collapsed around the world in 2000 and then came back again after 2003.', 'A3: Stock market collapsed around the world in 2000. then they came back again after 2003.', 'A4: When', 'A5: Stock markets crashed', 'A6: Stocks collapsed around the world', 'A7: Bubbles in the stock market']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(12)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6445
Q1:Who started liquidating in 2000?
Q2:What happened at the peak of the market?
Best ans: Joe mcney started liquidating walmart in 2000.
['A0: Larry page started liquidating walmart in 2000.', 'A1: Bill gates started liquidating walmart in 2000.', 'A2: Walmart started liquidating in 2000.', 'A3: Joe mcney started liquidating walmart in 2000.', 'A4: Walmart.', 'A5: Bob green', 'A6: Steve jobs', 'A7: Aaron carroll']
Text:He started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. So, it must be partly luck. No one could have known that Walmart was going to be such a success. For every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed. And I think that history is like that. The people you read about in history are often just phenomenal risk takers like Joe McNey. But maybe they're just lucky, maybe they are just lucky. Apple lost about a third of its value in one month in 2008. The company's founder Steve Jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didn't do anything. So, it quickly rebounded because he wasn't, and the company's stock went up because he was not cancer-stricken. Bob Greene: Maybe it's all those poor, all those ordinary people, living the little house, the $400,000 house, they don't risk it. Maybe they're the smart ones. Aaron Carroll: I've just told you about one blip here, but they were so many of these blips on the way, and they all have some story about the success of some Apple product, or people aren't buying some product. Each point represents one of the points that we saw on the market, Carroll says. Carroll: "It looks totally different, and it shows such complexity that I can't tell a simple narrative. Every month looks different. The best success was in December, January of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month. The reason why it looks kind of compressed on this way is, because the stock market doesn't move as much as Apple. The return for a stock, for the i-th stock, is equal to the market return, which is represented here by the S & P 500, plus idiosyncratic return. The variance of the stock returns is the variance -- the variance of a stock return is the sum of the market. Apple shows a magnified response to the stock market. It goes up and down approximately one and a half times as much as stock market does on any day.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6209
Q1:Where does this story take place?
Q2:What country's economy is the most important?
Best ans: America
['A0: This article is about the apple stock.', 'A1: The story takes place in the year 2000. the economy is the aggregate of all the different types of economic activity. the story begins in 2000.', "A2: Steve jobs founded apple. steve jobs was kicked out of his own company. the same month that's the lehman brothers collapse occurred. so the final answer is the same month. the aggregate economy matters.", "A3: Steve jobs founded apple. steve jobs was kicked out of his own company. the same month that's the lehman brothers collapse occurred. so the final answer is the same month.", 'A4: Market', 'A5: California', 'A6: America', 'A7: Apple']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(14)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6157
Q1:When was probability coined?
Q2:When was the word probability coined?
Best ans: According to the passage, probability was not even coined until the 1600's.
["A0: This question is about probability. the final answer: the 1600's.", "A1: According to the passage, probability was not even coined until the 1600's.", "A2: It wasn't even coined until the 1600's.", "A3: Probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's.", 'A4: 1600', 'A5: 1500', 'A6: 1660', "A7: 1600's"]
Text: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's. We do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. And once we understand those laws, we can we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. And then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen. It's a little bit like science, real hard science. So, for example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.  People who are steeped in this tradition in finance think that what we're doing is very much like what we do when we do financial forecasts. We have a statistical model, we see all of the shocks coming in, and of course there will be hurricanes. And we can only forecast them -- you know there's a limit to how far out we can forecast them. Weather forecasters can't do that. Same thing with financial crises. We understand the probability laws, there's only a certain time horizon before which we can.



(15)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5893
Q1:What is the best success of apple?
Q2:What was the best success?
Best ans: In december, january of 2001, the stock price went up 50% in one month.
["A0: Bill gates started walmart in 2000. walmart lost about a third of its value in one month. bill gate's best success was in december, january of 2001.", "A1: Apple lost about a third its value in one month in 2008. the company's founder steve jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable.", 'A2: In december, january of 2001, the stock price went up 50% in one month.', 'A3: Aaron carroll: the best success of apple was in december, january of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month.', 'A4: 2001', 'A5: January of 2001', 'A6: 50% in one month', 'A7: December, january of 2001']
Text:He started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. So, it must be partly luck. No one could have known that Walmart was going to be such a success. For every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed. And I think that history is like that. The people you read about in history are often just phenomenal risk takers like Joe McNey. But maybe they're just lucky, maybe they are just lucky. Apple lost about a third of its value in one month in 2008. The company's founder Steve Jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didn't do anything. So, it quickly rebounded because he wasn't, and the company's stock went up because he was not cancer-stricken. Bob Greene: Maybe it's all those poor, all those ordinary people, living the little house, the $400,000 house, they don't risk it. Maybe they're the smart ones. Aaron Carroll: I've just told you about one blip here, but they were so many of these blips on the way, and they all have some story about the success of some Apple product, or people aren't buying some product. Each point represents one of the points that we saw on the market, Carroll says. Carroll: "It looks totally different, and it shows such complexity that I can't tell a simple narrative. Every month looks different. The best success was in December, January of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month. The reason why it looks kind of compressed on this way is, because the stock market doesn't move as much as Apple. The return for a stock, for the i-th stock, is equal to the market return, which is represented here by the S & P 500, plus idiosyncratic return. The variance of the stock returns is the variance -- the variance of a stock return is the sum of the market. Apple shows a magnified response to the stock market. It goes up and down approximately one and a half times as much as stock market does on any day.



(16)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4596
Q1:In which month and year did stock market go up 12.53%?
Q2:What was the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market?
Best ans: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%.
['A0: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%.', 'A1: Stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929.', 'A2: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%. the stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days.', 'A3: October 30, 1929 is the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 1929', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:A lot of probability theory works on the assumption that variables are normally distributed. But random variables have a habit of not behaving that way, especially in finance it seems. Benoit Mandelbrot was the discoverer of this concept, and I think the most important figure in it. Pierre Paul Levy invented the concept, as discussed in the next lecture in this week's Lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy. The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, a mathematical function. In nature the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs, and that especially in certain kinds of circumstances we have more fat-tailed distributions. The way you find out that they're not the same, is that in extremely rare circumstances there'll be a sudden major jump in the variable that you might have thought couldn't happen. Whether it's Cauchy or normal, they look about the same; they look pretty much the same. But the pink line has tremendously large probability of being far out. These are the tails of the distribution. Stock market went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929. That's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market. But there were maybe like 20 days, I can't read off the chart when it did this since 1928. You can go through ten years on Wall Street and never see a drop of that magnitude. So, eventually you get kind of assured. It can't happen. What about an 8% drop? Well, I look at this, I say, I've never seen that. It just doesn't happen. The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. It went down about 12% on October 28, and then the next day it did it again. That's way off the charts, and if you compute the normal distribution, what's the probability of that? If it's a normal distribution and it fits the central portion, it would say it's virtually zero. It couldn't happen. Anyone have any idea what happened on October 30, 1929? It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to you.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3983
Q1:Why do we need to change analysis of variance?
Q2:What is the purpose of this article?
Best ans: This is an important point because portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. the purpose of this article is to discuss the need for change in analysis of variance.
['A0: This is an important point because portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought.', 'A1: This is an important point because portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. the purpose of this article is to discuss the need for change in analysis of variance.', 'A2: Portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. in the present environment, i think we recognize the need for that.', 'A3: To recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. in the present environment, i think, we recognize the need for that. therefore, the final answer is to recognize that.', 'A4: Recognition', 'A5: Co-vary more than we thought.', 'A6: In the present environment, i think, we recognize', 'A7: Co-vary more than we thought']
Text:It's a concept emphasized by Professor Brunnermeier at Princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. In the present environment, I think, we recognize the need for that.



(18)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3762
Q1:When the stock market collapsed around the world, what happened?
Q2:What happened in 2000?
Best ans: The stock market collapsed around the world in 2000. the stock markets came back again after 2003.
['A0: The stock market collapsed around the world in 2000. the stock markets came back again after 2003.', 'A1: A pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world.', 'A2: The stock market collapsed around the world in 2000.', 'A3: They came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom.', 'A4: Pre-break', 'A5: Pre-break around 2000', 'A6: Institutions collapsed', 'A7: A bunch of institutional collapses']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(19)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2408
Q1:Who emphasized the need for change in analysis of variance?
Q2:Who emphasized the concept that we have to change analysis of variance?
Best ans: Brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues
['A0: Prof. brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues', 'A1: Brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues', 'A2: Brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought.', 'A3: Professor brunnermeier at princeton and some of his colleagues', 'A4: Brunnermeier', 'A5: Some of his colleagues', 'A6: Princeton and some of his colleagues', 'A7: Professor brunnermeier']
Text:It's a concept emphasized by Professor Brunnermeier at Princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. In the present environment, I think, we recognize the need for that.



(20)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2269
Q1:What is the square root of the variance?
Q2:What is covariance?
Best ans: A measure of how two different random variables move together. the standard deviation is the square root of the variance.
['A0: This is a very basic concept. the standard deviation is the square root of the variance.', 'A1: The standard deviation is a measure of how two different random variables move together. the standard variance is the square root of the variance.', 'A2: Standard deviation is a measure of how two different random variables move together.', 'A3: A measure of how two different random variables move together. the standard deviation is the square root of the variance.', 'A4: 1%', 'A5: The mean', 'A6: 1', 'A7: Standard deviation']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(21)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.1855
Q1:On what date was stock market up 12.53% on october 30, 1929?
Q2:What is the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market?
Best ans: Stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929.
['A0: November 1, 1928.', 'A1: On october 30, 1929, stock market went up 12.53%.', 'A2: Stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929.', 'A3: October 30, 1929 is the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.', 'A4: ', 'A5: ', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:A lot of probability theory works on the assumption that variables are normally distributed. But random variables have a habit of not behaving that way, especially in finance it seems. Benoit Mandelbrot was the discoverer of this concept, and I think the most important figure in it. Pierre Paul Levy invented the concept, as discussed in the next lecture in this week's Lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy. The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, a mathematical function. In nature the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs, and that especially in certain kinds of circumstances we have more fat-tailed distributions. The way you find out that they're not the same, is that in extremely rare circumstances there'll be a sudden major jump in the variable that you might have thought couldn't happen. Whether it's Cauchy or normal, they look about the same; they look pretty much the same. But the pink line has tremendously large probability of being far out. These are the tails of the distribution. Stock market went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929. That's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market. But there were maybe like 20 days, I can't read off the chart when it did this since 1928. You can go through ten years on Wall Street and never see a drop of that magnitude. So, eventually you get kind of assured. It can't happen. What about an 8% drop? Well, I look at this, I say, I've never seen that. It just doesn't happen. The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. It went down about 12% on October 28, and then the next day it did it again. That's way off the charts, and if you compute the normal distribution, what's the probability of that? If it's a normal distribution and it fits the central portion, it would say it's virtually zero. It couldn't happen. Anyone have any idea what happened on October 30, 1929? It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to you.



(22)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.139
Q1:Which stocks did joe mcnay invest?
Q2:What did the class of 1954 invest in?
Best ans: Home depot, walmart, and internet stocks. on their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented yale university with $90 million dollars.
['A0: Mcnay decided to invest in home depot, walmart and internet stocks.', 'A1: On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented yale university with $90 million dollars.', 'A2: Home depot, walmart, and internet stocks. on their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented yale university with $90 million dollars.', 'A3: Home depot, walmart, and internet stocks.', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: Walmart', 'A6: Apple', 'A7: Internet stocks']
Text:The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. But when I put Apple on the same plot, the computer had to, because Apple did such amazing things, it had to compress. Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. It went up 25 times. This incidentally is the adjusted price for Apple, because in 2005 Apple did a 2-for-1 split. You know what that means? You can see this. You might be surprised to say, wait a minute, did I hear you right? A lot of companies, when the price hits $60 or something like that, they say, well let's just split all the shares in two. An investment in Apple went up 25 times, whereas an investment in the S & P 500 went up only -- well, it didn't go up, actually, it's down. Now, this is a plot showing the monthly returns on Apple. You can't tell from this plot that Apple went. up 25-fold. That matters a lot to an investor. Buy Apple and your money will go up 25-fold, says Warren Buffett. Buffett: "It wasn't an even ride. It's a scary ride" Buffett: Buy Apple in one month, you lose 30% in another month, but you can't tell what's driving it up and down. He says the ride, as you're observing this happen, every month it goes opposite. I just goes big swings. Buffett: The ride is not so obvious because it's a rollercoaster ride. You can't see it happening unless you look at your portfolio. In 1979, the Yale class of 1954 had a 25th reunion, and asked an investor to take a risky portfolio investment for Yale and let's give it to Yale on our 50th anniversary, all right? So, they got a portfolio manager, his name was Joe McNay, and they said -- they put together -- it was $375,000. It's like one house, you know, for all the whole class, no big deal. So, McNay decided to invest in Home Depot, Walmart, and internet stocks. On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented Yale University with $90 million dollars.



(23)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0847
Q1:What is the word probability in its present meaning?
Q2:What do we do when we deal with financial crises?
Best ans: Financial crises are financial events that affect our lives in a mathematical way. we have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. and then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events we've seen.
['A0: Financial crises are financial events that affect our lives in a mathematical way. we have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. we can build mathematical models of the outcomes.', "A1: Financial crises are financial events that affect our lives in a mathematical way. we have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. and then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events we've seen.", 'A2: It was coined in the 1600s. we do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. we have mathematical laws of how they accumulate.', "A3: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's.", 'A4: Economic', 'A5: Finance', 'A6: Financial forecasts', 'A7: Financial']
Text: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's. We do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. And once we understand those laws, we can we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. And then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen. It's a little bit like science, real hard science. So, for example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.  People who are steeped in this tradition in finance think that what we're doing is very much like what we do when we do financial forecasts. We have a statistical model, we see all of the shocks coming in, and of course there will be hurricanes. And we can only forecast them -- you know there's a limit to how far out we can forecast them. Weather forecasters can't do that. Same thing with financial crises. We understand the probability laws, there's only a certain time horizon before which we can.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0323
Q1:Does the speaker recommend using gross return in evaluating investments?
Q2:What does the speaker recommend?
Best ans: Gross return is a measure of the outcome of the investments. the speaker recommends using gross return in evaluating investments.
['A0: Context: the speaker recommends using gross return in evaluating investments.', 'A1: Gross return is a measure of the outcome of the investments.', 'A2: Gross return is a measure of the outcome of the investments. the speaker recommends using gross return in evaluating investments.', 'A3: The speaker recommends using gross return in evaluating investments.', 'A4: Recommend its use', 'A5: No', 'A6: I recommend its use', 'A7: Yes']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(25)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9517
Q1:Who recommends using geometric mean in evaluating investments, and why
Q2:What does the professor recommend?
Best ans: A professor at the university of california, berkeley, recommends using geometric mean in evaluating investments.
['A0: Professor john mckinnon', 'A1: In this lecture, the speaker will discuss the concept of geometric mean and its use in investing.', 'A2: A professor at the university of california, berkeley, recommends using geometric mean in evaluating investments.', 'A3: I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. because if you use gross return, it gives better measure of the outcome of investments.', 'A4: Economists', 'A5: Michael porter', 'A6: Economist', 'A7: A good discipline']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(26)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9435
Q1:Why did many people get in trouble dealing with this crises?
Q2:What is the law of large numbers?
Best ans: We have to have some kind of probability model. the law of large numbers says that if i have a lot of independent shock, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty.
["A0: We have to have some kind of probability model. the law of large numbers says that if i have a lot of independent shock, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty.", "A1: This is a question that is based on probability theory. many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. many of these calculations were based upon assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence.", "A2: This is a question that is based on probability theory. many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose.", "A3: After the 1987 crash, companies started to compute a measure of risk to their company, called value at risk. many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. many of these companies were implicitly making assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence.", 'A4: Probability model.', 'A5: The accumulation of', 'A6: A core concept in finance', 'A7: We have to have some kind of probability model']
Text:The crisis that we've seen here in the stock market is the accumulation of -- you see all these ups and downs. There were relatively more downs in the period from 2000 and 2002. But how do we understand the cumulative effect of it, which is what matters? So, we have to have some kind of probability Model. And that is a core question that made it so difficult for us to understand how to deal with such a crisis, and why so many people got in trouble dealing with this crisis. After the 1987 crash, companies started to compute a measure of the risk to their company, called Value at Risk. Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. But they were implicitly making assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence. And so, you need a probability Model to make these calculations, which is based on probability theory in order to do that. And it's not one that is easy to be precise about. It's a core concept in finance. Companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened. The law of large numbers says that if I have a lot of independent shocks, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty. It says that the variance of the average of n random variables that are all independent and identically distributed goes to 0 as the number of elements in the average goes to infinity. And so, that's a fundamental concept that underlies both finance and insurance. The law of large numbers has to do with the idea that if I have a large number of random variables, what is the variance of -- the square root of the variance. If they're all independent, then all of the covariances are 0. So, as n goes large, you can see that the standard deviation of the mean goes to 0. The mean is divided by n. The standard deviation is equal to the squareroot of n times the squared root of one of the variables. There's a new idea coming up now, after this recent crisis, and it's called CoVaR.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8943
Q1:In what year was the stock market down by almost half?
Q2:When did the stock market lose almost half of its value?
Best ans: 2002
['A0: 2001', 'A1: 2002.', 'A2: 2000 to 2002.', 'A3: In 2002, the stock market lost something like almost half of its value.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2002', 'A6: 2000', 'A7: ']
Text:The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. But when I put Apple on the same plot, the computer had to, because Apple did such amazing things, it had to compress. Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. It went up 25 times. This incidentally is the adjusted price for Apple, because in 2005 Apple did a 2-for-1 split. You know what that means? You can see this. You might be surprised to say, wait a minute, did I hear you right? A lot of companies, when the price hits $60 or something like that, they say, well let's just split all the shares in two. An investment in Apple went up 25 times, whereas an investment in the S & P 500 went up only -- well, it didn't go up, actually, it's down. Now, this is a plot showing the monthly returns on Apple. You can't tell from this plot that Apple went. up 25-fold. That matters a lot to an investor. Buy Apple and your money will go up 25-fold, says Warren Buffett. Buffett: "It wasn't an even ride. It's a scary ride" Buffett: Buy Apple in one month, you lose 30% in another month, but you can't tell what's driving it up and down. He says the ride, as you're observing this happen, every month it goes opposite. I just goes big swings. Buffett: The ride is not so obvious because it's a rollercoaster ride. You can't see it happening unless you look at your portfolio. In 1979, the Yale class of 1954 had a 25th reunion, and asked an investor to take a risky portfolio investment for Yale and let's give it to Yale on our 50th anniversary, all right? So, they got a portfolio manager, his name was Joe McNay, and they said -- they put together -- it was $375,000. It's like one house, you know, for all the whole class, no big deal. So, McNay decided to invest in Home Depot, Walmart, and internet stocks. On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented Yale University with $90 million dollars.



(28)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8165
Q1:In which field does professor brunnermeier teach?
Q2:What field of study does Brunnermeier belong to?
Best ans: Finance
['A0: Finance', 'A1: Economics', 'A2: Financial markets', 'A3: Portfolio management', 'A4: Economics', 'A5: Financial markets', 'A6: Finance', 'A7: ']
Text:It's a concept emphasized by Professor Brunnermeier at Princeton and some of his colleagues, that we have to change analysis of variance to recognize that portfolios can sometimes co-vary more than we thought. In the present environment, I think, we recognize the need for that.



(29)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7128
Q1:How many times did apple computer go up in value between 2000 and 2002?
Q2:What did Warren Buffett say about Apple?
Best ans: Apple computer went up 25 times between 2000 and 2002.
['A0: It went up 25 times between 2000 and 2002.', 'A1: Apple computer went up 25 times between 2000 and 2002.', 'A2: Stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. apple computer went up 25 times.', 'A3: The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. apple computer went up 25 times. so, the final answer is 25.', 'A4: 5', 'A5: 24', 'A6: 25%', 'A7: 25 times.']
Text:The stock market lost something like almost half of its value between 2000 and 2002. But when I put Apple on the same plot, the computer had to, because Apple did such amazing things, it had to compress. Apple computer is the one of the breakout cases of dramatic success in investing. It went up 25 times. This incidentally is the adjusted price for Apple, because in 2005 Apple did a 2-for-1 split. You know what that means? You can see this. You might be surprised to say, wait a minute, did I hear you right? A lot of companies, when the price hits $60 or something like that, they say, well let's just split all the shares in two. An investment in Apple went up 25 times, whereas an investment in the S & P 500 went up only -- well, it didn't go up, actually, it's down. Now, this is a plot showing the monthly returns on Apple. You can't tell from this plot that Apple went. up 25-fold. That matters a lot to an investor. Buy Apple and your money will go up 25-fold, says Warren Buffett. Buffett: "It wasn't an even ride. It's a scary ride" Buffett: Buy Apple in one month, you lose 30% in another month, but you can't tell what's driving it up and down. He says the ride, as you're observing this happen, every month it goes opposite. I just goes big swings. Buffett: The ride is not so obvious because it's a rollercoaster ride. You can't see it happening unless you look at your portfolio. In 1979, the Yale class of 1954 had a 25th reunion, and asked an investor to take a risky portfolio investment for Yale and let's give it to Yale on our 50th anniversary, all right? So, they got a portfolio manager, his name was Joe McNay, and they said -- they put together -- it was $375,000. It's like one house, you know, for all the whole class, no big deal. So, McNay decided to invest in Home Depot, Walmart, and internet stocks. On their 50th reunion in 2004, they presented Yale University with $90 million dollars.



(30)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6182
Q1:How do we build mathematical models of the outcomes of financial events?
Q2:What can we do about financial events?
Best ans: Once we understand the probability laws, we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen.
["A0: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until 1600's. we have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. we can build mathematical models of the outcomes.", 'A1: Once we understand the probability laws, we can build mathematical models of the outcomes.', 'A2: We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. we can build mathematical models of the outcomes.', "A3: Once we understand the probability laws, we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen.", 'A4: By dealing with all', 'A5: Understanding those laws', 'A6: Mathematical laws of how they accumulate', 'A7: We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate']
Text: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's. We do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. And once we understand those laws, we can we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. And then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen. It's a little bit like science, real hard science. So, for example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.  People who are steeped in this tradition in finance think that what we're doing is very much like what we do when we do financial forecasts. We have a statistical model, we see all of the shocks coming in, and of course there will be hurricanes. And we can only forecast them -- you know there's a limit to how far out we can forecast them. Weather forecasters can't do that. Same thing with financial crises. We understand the probability laws, there's only a certain time horizon before which we can.



(31)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5948
Q1:What is the speaker going to talk about?
Q2:What is the speaker going to focus on?
Best ans: To talk about the crisis, the speaker is going to focus on probability models.
['A0: This lecture will focus on probability models.', 'A1: During the lecture, the speaker will talk about probability models.', 'A2: To talk about the crisis, the speaker is going to focus on probability models.', 'A3: The speaker is going to talk about probability models. they are going to discuss the financial crisis.', 'A4: Economics', 'A5: Risk', 'A6: The financial crisis', 'A7: Financial theory']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5221
Q1:What is the probability of a decline that's that negative?
Q2:What did Bob Greene say about the probability of a decline?
Best ans: It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number, but there it is. so, the final answer is an awful lot.
["A0: It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number, but there it is. so, the final answer is an awful lot.", "A1: It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number, but there it is.", 'A2: October 19, 1987 was a day when the stock market was "totally falling apart" the probability of a decline that\'s that negative is 1 over 10 power. so, the final answer is 1 to the minus 71 power.', "A3: The probability of a decline that's that negative is 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number. so the final answer is an awful lot.", 'A4: One', 'A5: It is', 'A6: A certain low probability', 'A7: An awfully small number']
Text:If you believe in normality, October 19, 1987 couldn't happen, Bob Greene says. He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" Greene: The probability of a decline that's that negative? It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. That's an awfully small number. But there it is. It happened, Greene says, and in fact, I've been teaching this course for 25 years. It just came as a complete surprise to me. I went downtown to Merrill Lynch. The two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. But that's not what happened in this crisis and that's the big question. You get big incredible shocks that you thought couldn't happen, and they just come up with a certain low probability.



(33)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5051
Q1:Which of these is a core concept in finance?
Q2:What is a core concept in finance?
Best ans: Probability model is a core concept in finance.
['A0: Probability model is a core concept in finance.', 'A1: You need a probability model to make these calculations, which is based on probability theory in order to do so', 'A2: Having some kind of probability model is a core concept in finance.', 'A3: A probability model to make calculations is based on probability theory. the law of large numbers is a fundamental concept that underlies both finance and insurance.', 'A4: A probability model', 'A5: Law of large numbers', 'A6: The law of large numbers', 'A7: Probability model']
Text:The crisis that we've seen here in the stock market is the accumulation of -- you see all these ups and downs. There were relatively more downs in the period from 2000 and 2002. But how do we understand the cumulative effect of it, which is what matters? So, we have to have some kind of probability Model. And that is a core question that made it so difficult for us to understand how to deal with such a crisis, and why so many people got in trouble dealing with this crisis. After the 1987 crash, companies started to compute a measure of the risk to their company, called Value at Risk. Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. But they were implicitly making assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence. And so, you need a probability Model to make these calculations, which is based on probability theory in order to do that. And it's not one that is easy to be precise about. It's a core concept in finance. Companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened. The law of large numbers says that if I have a lot of independent shocks, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty. It says that the variance of the average of n random variables that are all independent and identically distributed goes to 0 as the number of elements in the average goes to infinity. And so, that's a fundamental concept that underlies both finance and insurance. The law of large numbers has to do with the idea that if I have a large number of random variables, what is the variance of -- the square root of the variance. If they're all independent, then all of the covariances are 0. So, as n goes large, you can see that the standard deviation of the mean goes to 0. The mean is divided by n. The standard deviation is equal to the squareroot of n times the squared root of one of the variables. There's a new idea coming up now, after this recent crisis, and it's called CoVaR.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.443
Q1:Which company was founded by steve jobs?
Q2:What did Jobs do after Apple failed to thrive?
Best ans: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer after apple failed to thrive.
['A0: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer after apple failed to thrive.', 'A1: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer after apple failed to thrive. the final answer: apple.', 'A2: Steven jobs started apple. apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, then he founded next computer.', 'A3: Next computer was founded by steve jobs. apple was founded and prospered by steve jobs.', 'A4: Next computer', 'A5: Apple', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.434
Q1:Where does aaron carroll work?
Q2:Who is Aaron Carroll?
Best ans: Aaron carroll is an analyst at the s&p 500.
['A0: Bob greene is an analyst at s&p 500.', 'A1: Aaron carroll is an analyst at the s&p 500.', 'A2: Apple lost about a third of its value in one month.', 'A3: Bob greene is an analyst at s&p 500. aaron carroll is an expert on the stock market.', 'A4: Retailing', 'A5: Retail', 'A6: Apple', 'A7: Walmart']
Text:He started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. So, it must be partly luck. No one could have known that Walmart was going to be such a success. For every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed. And I think that history is like that. The people you read about in history are often just phenomenal risk takers like Joe McNey. But maybe they're just lucky, maybe they are just lucky. Apple lost about a third of its value in one month in 2008. The company's founder Steve Jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didn't do anything. So, it quickly rebounded because he wasn't, and the company's stock went up because he was not cancer-stricken. Bob Greene: Maybe it's all those poor, all those ordinary people, living the little house, the $400,000 house, they don't risk it. Maybe they're the smart ones. Aaron Carroll: I've just told you about one blip here, but they were so many of these blips on the way, and they all have some story about the success of some Apple product, or people aren't buying some product. Each point represents one of the points that we saw on the market, Carroll says. Carroll: "It looks totally different, and it shows such complexity that I can't tell a simple narrative. Every month looks different. The best success was in December, January of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month. The reason why it looks kind of compressed on this way is, because the stock market doesn't move as much as Apple. The return for a stock, for the i-th stock, is equal to the market return, which is represented here by the S & P 500, plus idiosyncratic return. The variance of the stock returns is the variance -- the variance of a stock return is the sum of the market. Apple shows a magnified response to the stock market. It goes up and down approximately one and a half times as much as stock market does on any day.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3936
Q1:Why can't you lose more than you put into an investment in finance?
Q2:Why can't you lose more than you put into an investment in finance?
Best ans: This is the law of limited liability. the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in.
["A0: You can't lose more than you put into an investment. the law says you can''t.", 'A1: This is the law of limited liability.', "A2: You can't lose more than you put into an investment.", 'A3: This is the law of limited liability. the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in.', 'A4: The law', 'A5: Law', 'A6: Limited liability economy in which we live', 'A7: Law in limited liability economy']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2507
Q1:What is the bell-shaped curve thought to be?
Q2:What is a parabola?
Best ans: Parabola is a mathematical function. the stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929. that's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.
["A0: Parabola is a mathematical function. the stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929. that's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market.", 'A1: The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola. the bell shape is a mathematical function. the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs.', 'A2: Parabola is a mathematical function. the stock market went up 12.53% on october 30, 1929.', "A3: This week's lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy is about probability theory. the bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, mathematical function.", 'A4: Mathematics', 'A5: Mathematics functions', 'A6: Mathematical function', 'A7: Parabola']
Text:A lot of probability theory works on the assumption that variables are normally distributed. But random variables have a habit of not behaving that way, especially in finance it seems. Benoit Mandelbrot was the discoverer of this concept, and I think the most important figure in it. Pierre Paul Levy invented the concept, as discussed in the next lecture in this week's Lecture on the idea of the 'normal' distribution of random shocks to the financial economy. The bell-shaped curve is thought to be a parabola, a mathematical function. In nature the normal distribution is not the only distribution that occurs, and that especially in certain kinds of circumstances we have more fat-tailed distributions. The way you find out that they're not the same, is that in extremely rare circumstances there'll be a sudden major jump in the variable that you might have thought couldn't happen. Whether it's Cauchy or normal, they look about the same; they look pretty much the same. But the pink line has tremendously large probability of being far out. These are the tails of the distribution. Stock market went up 12.53% on October 30, 1929. That's the biggest one-day increase in the history of the stock market. But there were maybe like 20 days, I can't read off the chart when it did this since 1928. You can go through ten years on Wall Street and never see a drop of that magnitude. So, eventually you get kind of assured. It can't happen. What about an 8% drop? Well, I look at this, I say, I've never seen that. It just doesn't happen. The stock market crash of 1929 had two consecutive days. It went down about 12% on October 28, and then the next day it did it again. That's way off the charts, and if you compute the normal distribution, what's the probability of that? If it's a normal distribution and it fits the central portion, it would say it's virtually zero. It couldn't happen. Anyone have any idea what happened on October 30, 1929? It's obvious to me, but it's not obvious to you.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0988
Q1:How do you calculate the expected value for a random variable?
Q2:What is the average?
Best ans: The expected value of a random variable is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, or zero. they reflect the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. if you have n observations on a randomly chosen random variable, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over 1 to n, and then divide that by n. this is an estimate of the expected value.
["A0: You have to do it for time interval. the expected value of a random variable is the weighted sum of all possible values of x. the probabilities have a sum to 1, or zero, reflecting how likely that random variable will occur. if you have n observations on a randomly chosen random variable, then you can take a sample of n. the geometric mean makes sense only when all x's are non-negative.", "A1: The expected value of a random variable is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, or zero. they reflect the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. if you have n observations on a randomly chosen random variable, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over 1 to n, and then divide that by n. this is an estimate of the expected value.", "A2: The expected value of a random variable is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, or zero. they reflect the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. if you have n observations on a randomly chosen random variable, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over 1 to n, and then divide that by n. this is an estimate of the expected value. if there are any negative numbers, we're not going to apply this formula if there are negative numbers.", "A3: Context: the expected value of a random variable is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring. if you have n observations on a randomly chosen random variable, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. this is an estimate of the expected value. if there are any negative numbers, we're not going to apply this formula if there are negative numbers.", 'A4: P t plus 1, minus pt.', 'A5: P t plus 1, minus pt', 'A6: Weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte', 'A7: The weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7155
Q1:In what way does the geometric mean make sense?
Q2:What is the geometric mean used for?
Best ans: In finance, the geometric mean is a measure used to evaluate risk.
['A0: Using the geometric mean is a good way for investors to evaluate risk.', 'A1: Use the geometric mean to evaluate risk. use it to evaluate the outcome of investments.', 'A2: In finance, the geometric mean is a measure used to evaluate risk.', 'A3: Use the geometric mean to evaluate risk.', 'A4: Evaluating investments', 'A5: This is very fundamental to finance', 'A6: In evaluating investments', 'A7: Not used as a way to evaluate investment success']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7136
Q1:Which of these is not a positive number?
Q2:Which of these is not a positive number?
Best ans: Negative
['A0: Pt plus 1, minus 1', "A1: We have a weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, if you put in a negative value. we're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.", "A2: This is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring.", "A3: We have a weighted sum of all possible values of x weighte d by their probabilities. the probabilities have to sum to 1. they're positive numbers, if you put in a negative value. we're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers. the geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative.", 'A4: None', 'A5: 100', 'A6: Negative', 'A7: 0']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(41)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5198
Q1:Who founded apple?
Q2:What happened to Jobs after he founded apple?
Best ans: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer. jobs was kicked out of apple.
['A0: Steven jobs', 'A1: Next computer founder steve jobs', 'A2: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer.', 'A3: Jobs founded apple. jobs founded next computer. jobs was kicked out of apple.', 'A4: Jobs', 'A5: Apple', 'A6: Tim cook', 'A7: Steve jobs,']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1594
Q1:What happened after the stock market collapsed
Q2:What is the story?
Best ans: They came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride, that's the narrative story
['A0: We saw bank failures in the u.s. and then we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like disease.', "A1: They came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride, that's the narrative story of the crisis.", "A2: They came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride, that's the narrative story", 'A3: They came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride', 'A4: Institutional collapse', 'A5: Bank failure', 'A6: They were on another boom', 'A7: Institutions collapses']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(43)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.139
Q1:Who was a student of bob greene?
Q2:What did Bob Greene say about the stock market?
Best ans: His students were all in the same class. the probability of a decline that's that negative? it's 10 to the plus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number but there it is
["A0: His students were all in the same class. the probability of a decline that's that negative? it's 10 to the plus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number but there it is", "A1: His students were all in the same class. the probability of a decline that's that negative? it's 10 to the plus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. that's an awfully small number", 'A2: A student raised his hand and said that the stock market is "totally falling apart" greene: the probability of a decline that\'s that negative? it\'s 10 to the plus 71 power. that\'s an awfully small number. but there it is', 'A3: He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" greene: the probability of a decline is that negative? it\'s 10 to the minus 7 power. that\'s an awfully small number. but there it is. it happened, greene says.', 'A4: Michael bloomberg, jr.', 'A5: Merrill lynch.', 'A6: Michael bloomberg', 'A7: An awfully small number']
Text:If you believe in normality, October 19, 1987 couldn't happen, Bob Greene says. He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" Greene: The probability of a decline that's that negative? It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. That's an awfully small number. But there it is. It happened, Greene says, and in fact, I've been teaching this course for 25 years. It just came as a complete surprise to me. I went downtown to Merrill Lynch. The two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. But that's not what happened in this crisis and that's the big question. You get big incredible shocks that you thought couldn't happen, and they just come up with a certain low probability.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1214
Q1:How many times has bob greene been teaching this course?
Q2:What did bob greene say about the stock market crash?
Best ans: October 19, 1987 was a major stock market crash. bob greene has been teaching this course for 25 years. the two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability.
["A0: This question is about the probability of a decline in the stock market that is minus 1 over 10 power, that's an awfully small number. the final answer: 1 over 10.", 'A1: A student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" october 19, 1987 couldn\'t happen. bob greene has been teaching this course for 25 years, and it just came as a complete surprise to him.', 'A2: October 19, 1987 was a major stock market crash. bob greene has been teaching this course for 25 years. the two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. so, the final answer is 25 years', 'A3: October 19, 1987 was a major stock market crash. bob greene has been teaching this course for 25 years. the two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 25 years', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:If you believe in normality, October 19, 1987 couldn't happen, Bob Greene says. He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" Greene: The probability of a decline that's that negative? It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. That's an awfully small number. But there it is. It happened, Greene says, and in fact, I've been teaching this course for 25 years. It just came as a complete surprise to me. I went downtown to Merrill Lynch. The two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. But that's not what happened in this crisis and that's the big question. You get big incredible shocks that you thought couldn't happen, and they just come up with a certain low probability.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.9612
Q1:When was value at risk calculated?
Q2:What did the law of large numbers say?
Best ans: Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. many companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened.
['A0: Companies started to compute a measure of risk to the company after 1987 crash.', 'A1: Following a stock market crash, companies started using a measure of the risk to their company, called value at risk.', "A2: Companies started to compute a measure of risk to the company after 1987 crash. many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose.", "A3: Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. many companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened.", 'A4: Before', 'A5: 1988', 'A6: 1987', 'A7: After 1987 crash']
Text:The crisis that we've seen here in the stock market is the accumulation of -- you see all these ups and downs. There were relatively more downs in the period from 2000 and 2002. But how do we understand the cumulative effect of it, which is what matters? So, we have to have some kind of probability Model. And that is a core question that made it so difficult for us to understand how to deal with such a crisis, and why so many people got in trouble dealing with this crisis. After the 1987 crash, companies started to compute a measure of the risk to their company, called Value at Risk. Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. But they were implicitly making assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence. And so, you need a probability Model to make these calculations, which is based on probability theory in order to do that. And it's not one that is easy to be precise about. It's a core concept in finance. Companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened. The law of large numbers says that if I have a lot of independent shocks, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty. It says that the variance of the average of n random variables that are all independent and identically distributed goes to 0 as the number of elements in the average goes to infinity. And so, that's a fundamental concept that underlies both finance and insurance. The law of large numbers has to do with the idea that if I have a large number of random variables, what is the variance of -- the square root of the variance. If they're all independent, then all of the covariances are 0. So, as n goes large, you can see that the standard deviation of the mean goes to 0. The mean is divided by n. The standard deviation is equal to the squareroot of n times the squared root of one of the variables. There's a new idea coming up now, after this recent crisis, and it's called CoVaR.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.9425
Q1:When was next computer founded?
Q2:When was next computer founded?
Best ans: After steve jobs left his own company, he founded next computer. next computer was founded in the same month that the lehman brothers collapse occurred in the united states.
['A0: When did steve jobs founded next computer?', 'A1: Next computer was founded in 2001.', 'A2: After steve jobs left his own company, he founded next computer. next computer was founded in the same month that the lehman brothers collapse occurred in the united states.', 'A3: The company next computer was founded by steven m. jobs. steve jobs founded apple and apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. the company was founded in september of 2001.', 'A4: ', 'A5: In', 'A6: Steve jobs', 'A7: ']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.7779
Q1:Where does this story take place?
Q2:Where was the stock market down?
Best ans: In the united states
['A0: October 19, 1987.', 'A1: On october 19, 1987.', 'A2: In the united states', 'A3: Stock market collapsed on october 19, 1987', 'A4: Manhattan', 'A5: Downtown', 'A6: Stock market', 'A7: In the united states']
Text:If you believe in normality, October 19, 1987 couldn't happen, Bob Greene says. He says a student raised his hand and said the stock market is "totally falling apart" Greene: The probability of a decline that's that negative? It's 10 to the minus 71 power. 1 over 10 power. That's an awfully small number. But there it is. It happened, Greene says, and in fact, I've been teaching this course for 25 years. It just came as a complete surprise to me. I went downtown to Merrill Lynch. The two themes are that independence leads to the law of large numbers, and it leads to some sort of stability. But that's not what happened in this crisis and that's the big question. You get big incredible shocks that you thought couldn't happen, and they just come up with a certain low probability.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5295
Q1:How did this lecture begin?
Q2:How do we understand the failure of independence?
Best ans: By talking about the financial crisis
['A0: With a narrative story about the financial crisis of the 2000s.', 'A1: This lecture begins with a question and answer session.', 'A2: A professor explains how the financial crisis began with bubbles in the stock market.', 'A3: The speaker is going to talk about probability models.', 'A4: By talking about the financial crisis.', 'A5: By talking about the financial crisis', 'A6: Excuse my cold', 'A7: A tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4747
Q1:What is the new idea coming up after this recent crisis?
Q2:What is CoVaR?
Best ans: Covar is a new idea coming up after this recent crisis. it's a concept that underlies both finance and insurance.
['A0: This is a question about the cumulative effect of the stock market. the answer: covar.', "A1: What's the new idea coming up after this recent crisis?", "A2: Covar is a new idea coming up after this recent crisis. it's a concept that underlies both finance and insurance.", 'A3: Covar is a new idea coming up after this recent crisis.', 'A4: Covariances', 'A5: Covariance', 'A6: Probability model', 'A7: The law of large numbers']
Text:The crisis that we've seen here in the stock market is the accumulation of -- you see all these ups and downs. There were relatively more downs in the period from 2000 and 2002. But how do we understand the cumulative effect of it, which is what matters? So, we have to have some kind of probability Model. And that is a core question that made it so difficult for us to understand how to deal with such a crisis, and why so many people got in trouble dealing with this crisis. After the 1987 crash, companies started to compute a measure of the risk to their company, called Value at Risk. Many companies had calculated numbers like this, and told their investors, we can't do too badly because there's no way that we could lose. But they were implicitly making assumptions about independence, or at least relative independence. And so, you need a probability Model to make these calculations, which is based on probability theory in order to do that. And it's not one that is easy to be precise about. It's a core concept in finance. Companies all over the world were estimating very small numbers here, relative to what actually happened. The law of large numbers says that if I have a lot of independent shocks, and average them out, on average there's not going to be much uncertainty. It says that the variance of the average of n random variables that are all independent and identically distributed goes to 0 as the number of elements in the average goes to infinity. And so, that's a fundamental concept that underlies both finance and insurance. The law of large numbers has to do with the idea that if I have a large number of random variables, what is the variance of -- the square root of the variance. If they're all independent, then all of the covariances are 0. So, as n goes large, you can see that the standard deviation of the mean goes to 0. The mean is divided by n. The standard deviation is equal to the squareroot of n times the squared root of one of the variables. There's a new idea coming up now, after this recent crisis, and it's called CoVaR.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4675
Q1:In finance, what is the most basic concept that returns can be positive or negative?
Q2:What is the most basic concept in finance?
Best ans: The most basic concept in finance is the return to investing in something. the return to investment is the increase in the price.
['A0: The most basic concept in finance is the return to investing in something.', 'A1: The most basic concept in finance is the return to investing in something. the return to investment is the increase in the price.', 'A2: This is the most basic concept that returns can be positive or negative in finance.', "A3: When you invest in something for a time interval, what is your return to investing in something? it's the increase in the price.", 'A4: In finance, the basic', 'A5: They can never be more than -- never be less than -- 100%', 'A6: You have to do it for a time interval', 'A7: You cannot lose more than the money you put in.']
Text:In finance, the basic, the most basic concept that -- in finance -- is that when you invest in something, you have to do it for a time interval. And so, what is your return to investing in something? It's the increase in the price. That's p t plus 1, minus p t. Returns can be positive or negative. They can never be more than -- never be less than minus 100%. In a limited liability economy that we live in, the law says that you cannot lose more than the money you put in. This is the mathematical expectation of a random variable x, which could be the return, or the gross return, but we're going to substitute something else. The expectation of x is the weighted sum of all possible values of x weighted by their probabilities. And the probabilities have to sum to 1. They're positive numbers, or zero, reflecting the likelihood of that random variable occurring, of that value of the random variable. This is for a discrete random variable that takes on only a finite, only a countable number of values. Gross return is always positive. It's between zero and infinity. If you have n observations on a random variable x, you can take the sum of the x observations, summation over i equals 1 to n, and then divide that by n. That's called the average, or the mean, or sample mean, when you have a sample of n observations, which is an estimate of the expected value of x. This is called the mean or average, which you've learned long ago, OK. So, for example, if we're evaluating an investor who has invested money, you could get n observations and take an average of them. The geometric mean makes sense only when all the x's are non-negative. If you put in a negative value, you might get a negative product, and then, if you took the nth root of that, it could be an imaginary number, so let's forget that. We're not going to apply this formula if there are any negative numbers.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4412
Q1:What is the name of the company that jobs founded?
Q2:What is the final answer to apple and next computer?
Best ans: Apple is a company that jobs founded. jobs founded apple and apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. jobs then founded next computer. so, the final answer is next computer and apple.
['A0: Steve jobs founded apple. apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. next computer.', 'A1: Apple is a company that jobs founded. jobs founded apple and apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. jobs then founded next computer. so, the final answer is next computer and apple.', 'A2: Apple is a company that jobs founded. jobs founded apple and apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. jobs then founded next computer. so, the final answer is next computer', 'A3: Apple is a company that jobs founded. jobs founded apple and apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. jobs then founded next computer.', 'A4: Iphone', 'A5: Next computer', 'A6: Apple', 'A7: ']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4052
Q1:How many great men and women of history got squashed?
Q2:What did Aaron Carroll say?
Best ans: Walmart founder joe mcney was a risk taker. for every one great man and woman of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed.
["A0: The stock market is a complex system. for every one great man and woman, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed.", "A1: Walmart founder joe mcney was a risk taker. for every one great man and woman of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed.", "A2: Larry page, the founder of walmart, was a risk taker. for every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed.", "A3: Joe mcney was a risk taker who started walmart. for every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 that got squashed.", 'A4: One', 'A5: Every one', 'A6: 1,000', 'A7: Joe mcney']
Text:He started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. So, it must be partly luck. No one could have known that Walmart was going to be such a success. For every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed. And I think that history is like that. The people you read about in history are often just phenomenal risk takers like Joe McNey. But maybe they're just lucky, maybe they are just lucky. Apple lost about a third of its value in one month in 2008. The company's founder Steve Jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didn't do anything. So, it quickly rebounded because he wasn't, and the company's stock went up because he was not cancer-stricken. Bob Greene: Maybe it's all those poor, all those ordinary people, living the little house, the $400,000 house, they don't risk it. Maybe they're the smart ones. Aaron Carroll: I've just told you about one blip here, but they were so many of these blips on the way, and they all have some story about the success of some Apple product, or people aren't buying some product. Each point represents one of the points that we saw on the market, Carroll says. Carroll: "It looks totally different, and it shows such complexity that I can't tell a simple narrative. Every month looks different. The best success was in December, January of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month. The reason why it looks kind of compressed on this way is, because the stock market doesn't move as much as Apple. The return for a stock, for the i-th stock, is equal to the market return, which is represented here by the S & P 500, plus idiosyncratic return. The variance of the stock returns is the variance -- the variance of a stock return is the sum of the market. Apple shows a magnified response to the stock market. It goes up and down approximately one and a half times as much as stock market does on any day.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3841
Q1:How does variance differ from variance and covariance?
Q2:What is the variance and standard deviation?
Best ans: The variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. the variance and the standard deviation are different.
['A0: This lecture will cover variance, covariance, the standard deviation, and the relationship between them all.', 'A1: A measure of the co-movement between two different random variables.', 'A2: The variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. the variance and the standard deviation are different.', 'A3: In finance, variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together.', 'A4: The square root of the variance.', 'A5: The square root of the variance', 'A6: Variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together.', 'A7: The variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together.']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2163
Q1:Who were some of these institutions that collapsed?
Q2:What did the financial crisis include?
Best ans: Financial institutions that collapsed include banks and other companies
['A0: Financial institutions that collapsed include banks and other companies', 'A1: Financial institutions that collapsed include banks and other companies that were bailed out by governments.', 'A2: A lot of institutional collapse occurred due to bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market.', 'A3: Bank failures in the u.s.', 'A4: U.s.', 'A5: U.s. banks', 'A6: Banks and other companies', 'A7: Banks']
Text: The crisis began with bubbles in the stock market, housing market, and also in the commodities market. It's a financial crisis that's bigger than any since the Great Depression of the 1930's. There's many different ways of thinking about a crisis like this. And I wanted to focus on one way that people think about it in terms of probability models. So, that's not the only way, it's not necessarily my favorite way. Excuse my cold. I didn't bring any water. I hope I make it through this lecture.  There was a pre-break around 2000 when the stock market collapsed around the world. But then they came back again after 2003 and they were on another boom, like a roller coaster ride. That's the narrative story. And then, what happened is, we see a bunch of institutional collapses. We saw bank failures in the U.S. and then, we saw international cooperation to prevent this from spreading like a disease. So, we had governments all over the world bailing out their banks and other companies. That's what financial theorists will think about is that actually it's not just those few big events. It's the accumulation of a lot of little events.  I'm going to talk today about probability, variance, and covariance, and regression, and idiosyncratic risk, and systematic risk. But I'm also going to, in the context of the crisis, emphasize in this lecture, breakdowns of some of the most popular assumptions that underlie financial theory. And I'm thinking particularly of two breakdowns. One is the failure of independence. And another one is a tendency for outliers or fat-tailed distributions.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2021
Q1:When was walmart going to be such success?
Q2:What happened to Walmart?
Best ans: Walmart started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market.
['A0: Walmart started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. joe mcney was a risk taker, but he got squashed.', "A1: Joe mcney started liquidating walmart in 2000. the company's stock went up 50% in one month.", 'A2: Walmart started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market.', "A3: Steve jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didnt do anything.", 'A4: During', 'A5: 2001', 'A6: In 2000', 'A7: Peak of the market']
Text:He started liquidating in 2000, right the peak of the market. So, it must be partly luck. No one could have known that Walmart was going to be such a success. For every one of the great men and women of history, there's 1,000 of them that got squashed. And I think that history is like that. The people you read about in history are often just phenomenal risk takers like Joe McNey. But maybe they're just lucky, maybe they are just lucky. Apple lost about a third of its value in one month in 2008. The company's founder Steve Jobs had pancreatic cancer in 2004, but the doctors said it's curable, no problem, so the stock didn't do anything. So, it quickly rebounded because he wasn't, and the company's stock went up because he was not cancer-stricken. Bob Greene: Maybe it's all those poor, all those ordinary people, living the little house, the $400,000 house, they don't risk it. Maybe they're the smart ones. Aaron Carroll: I've just told you about one blip here, but they were so many of these blips on the way, and they all have some story about the success of some Apple product, or people aren't buying some product. Each point represents one of the points that we saw on the market, Carroll says. Carroll: "It looks totally different, and it shows such complexity that I can't tell a simple narrative. Every month looks different. The best success was in December, January of 2001, where the stock price went up 50% in one month. The reason why it looks kind of compressed on this way is, because the stock market doesn't move as much as Apple. The return for a stock, for the i-th stock, is equal to the market return, which is represented here by the S & P 500, plus idiosyncratic return. The variance of the stock returns is the variance -- the variance of a stock return is the sum of the market. Apple shows a magnified response to the stock market. It goes up and down approximately one and a half times as much as stock market does on any day.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1617
Q1:Which of these is not a measure of covariance?
Q2:Which of these is not a measure of covariance?
Best ans: Square root of the variance
['A0: The geometric mean is a measure of the mean return.', "A1: Variance is a measure of how two different random variables move together, but it's often not used in evaluating investments.", "A2: When ibm goes up, does general motors go up or not? take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of it's mean, and take the average product of those.", 'A3: When ibm goes up, does general motors go up or not?', 'A4: Geometric mean', 'A5: The geometric mean', 'A6: Square root of the variance', 'A7: The square root of the variance']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0221
Q1:In which month did apple start to really tank?
Q2:What month did the Lehman Brothers collapse occur?
Best ans: September
['A0: October.', 'A1: October', 'A2: September is the month that the lehman brothers collapse occurred.', 'A3: The same month that the lehman brothers collapse occurred was september.', 'A4: May', 'A5: December', 'A6: November', 'A7: September']
Text:Apple has a lot of idiosyncratic risk, but the aggregate economy matters, right? If you think that maybe because Apple is kind of a vulnerable company, that if the economy tanks, Apple will tank even more than the economy. If the market goes up, then it's even better news for Apple, even though it's a volatile, dangerous strategy company. He founded Apple and Apple prospered, then had a falling out with the management, and got kind of kicked out of his own company. And then he founded Next Computer. But meanwhile, Apple started to really tank, and they finally realized they needed Steve Jobs, so they brought him back. And it turned out to be the same month that's the Lehman Brothers collapse occurred. This line, I thought it would have an even higher beta, but I think it's this point which is bringing the beta down.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0162
Q1:Who built models that are built on theory fluid dynamics?
Q2:Who can't forecast weather?
Best ans: Forecasters
['A0: Weather predictors build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.', 'A1: Using the example weather forecasters, we can build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.', 'A2: Forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.', 'A3: For example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.', 'A4: Financial', 'A5: Meteorologists', 'A6: Finance', 'A7: Forecasters']
Text: The word probability in its present meaning wasn't even coined until the 1600's. We do it by dealing with all of these little incremental shocks that affect our lives in a mathematical way. We have mathematical laws of how they accumulate. And once we understand those laws, we can we can build mathematical models of the outcomes. And then we can ask whether we should be surprised by the financial events that we've seen. It's a little bit like science, real hard science. So, for example, weather forecasters build models that are built on the theory of fluid dynamics.  People who are steeped in this tradition in finance think that what we're doing is very much like what we do when we do financial forecasts. We have a statistical model, we see all of the shocks coming in, and of course there will be hurricanes. And we can only forecast them -- you know there's a limit to how far out we can forecast them. Weather forecasters can't do that. Same thing with financial crises. We understand the probability laws, there's only a certain time horizon before which we can.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:0.9998
Q1:Who recommends using geometric mean in evaluating investments
Q2:Who is the author of the lecture?
Best ans: Jeremy bentham
['A0: Financial analysts', 'A1: Financial analyst', 'A2: A professor', 'A3: Jeremy bentham', 'A4: Economists', 'A5: Professor', 'A6: Economist', 'A7: I']
Text:But it's often used, and I recommend its use, in evaluating investments. Because if you use gross return, it gives a better measure of the outcome of the investments. If there's ever a year in which the return is minus 100%, then the geometric mean is 0. That's a good discipline. This obviously doesn't make sense as a way to evaluate investment success. But we care about more than just about central tendency when evaluating risk. We have to do other things as well, including the geometric return, variance, variance and variance. And so, you want to talk about risk, this is very fundamental to finance. What could be more fundamental than risk for finance? If x tends to be plus or minus 1% from the mean return, the variance would probably be 1. The standard deviation is the square root of the variance. Covariance is a measure of how two different random variables move together. When IBM goes up, does General Motors go up or not? We're getting through these concepts, but I'm not going to get into these ideas here, so I'm just trying to be very basic and simple here, but they're very basic. A measure of the co-movement of the two would be to take deviation of x from its mean times the deviation of y from it's mean, and take the average product of those. It's a positive number if, when x is high relative to its mean, y is. And it's a negative number if they tend to go in opposite directions. If GM tends to do well when IBM does poorly, then we have a negative covariance. And this is the core concept that I was talking about. Some idea of unrelatedness underlies a lot of our thinking in risk. If two variables have a plus 1 correlation, that means they move exactly together. If they are independent, then their correlation should be zero. That's true if the random variables are independent of each other. But we're going to see that breakdown of independence is the story of this lecture. We want to think about independence as mattering a lot.



