(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1084
Q1:In which course is economics 251 taught?
Q2:What is a required finance course at Yale?
Best ans: Economics 252
['A0: Economics 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. john geakoplus is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john sutter is preparing you to do things in world. so, the final answer is economics 252.', 'A1: Finance is a technology for doing things. john geanakoplos is preparing students for finance. john sutter is educating people to do things in the world. so, the final answer is economics 252.', 'A2: Students take economics 251 at yale college as part of their major finance course. john geanakopsolos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner in economics 251. the main work that you have to purchase is the main work. so, the final answer is economics 252.', "A3: John geanakoplos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geakopls's course is more theoretical and mathematical than mine. john sutter has been teaching the economics 252 course for 25 years. john says it prepares you to do things in the world", 'A4: Main work', 'A5: Economics 252', 'A6: Major finance course', 'A7: Finance']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(1)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1009
Q1:How many people are mentioned in this passage?answer: a
Q2:How many outside speakers are there?
Best ans: Three
['A0: Three', 'A1: Four', 'A2: Bige kahraman', 'A3: Maurice "hank" greenberg', 'A4: 4', 'A5: Three', 'A6: Four', 'A7: ']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0903
Q1:The speaker believes that young people will have what moral obligation?
Q2:What moral obligation do people who go into finance have?
Best ans: Giving their wealth away in a productive way.
['A0: Giving their wealth away in a productive way. the speaker believes that young people will have a moral obligation to give their wealth to others.', 'A1: Giving their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A2: The speaker believes that young people will have moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A3: To give their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A4: Give', 'A5: Giving', 'A6: Productive way.', 'A7: Giving away']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(3)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0891
Q1:In what country is lake carnegie?
Q2:What country was Carnegie from?
Best ans: American
['A0: American', 'A1: United states', 'A2: America.', 'A3: America. lake carnegie is a lake in the united states.', 'A4: Usa', 'A5: American', 'A6: United states', 'A7: America']
Text:To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake. There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws. Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not. There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition. We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue.



(4)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0736
Q1:Which course is taught by john geanakoplos?
Q2:What is the other major finance course at Yale?
Best ans: Economics 251
['A0: Finance course that we have at yale is economics 251. john geanakops course has more theoretical and mathematical content. john geansakops is teaching economics 251 course. the final answer: finance 251.', 'A1: This is based on the information in the passage. the other major finance course that we have here at yale is economics 251. economics 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. the final answer: economics 251, which.', 'A2: Economical 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. economics 251 course is taught at yale. economics is a technology for doing things. so, the final answer is economics 251.', 'A3: Economical 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. economics 251 course is taught at yale. economics is a technology for doing things. so, the final answer is economics 251. the other major finance course that we have here at yale is economics 251 course.', 'A4: Mathematics', 'A5: Finance', 'A6: 251', 'A7: Economics 251']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.048
Q1:Laura cha is a what type of person
Q2:What is Laura Cha's job?
Best ans: Regulator
['A0: A regulator', 'A1: Regulator', 'A2: Regulator is a person who regulates financial markets.', 'A3: A regulator, by the way', 'A4: Regulation', 'A5: Regulate', 'A6: Regulatory', 'A7: Regulator']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.027
Q1:In what year was this lecture recorded for open yale?
Q2:When was the first time the course was filmed?
Best ans: 2008
['A0: 2008', 'A1: It was recorded for open yale in 2008', 'A2: 2008, three years ago. the first time this course has been filmed for open yale was in 2008.', 'A3: This lecture was recorded for open yale in 2008', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2008', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0269
Q1:Why do more young people go into finance?
Q2:What happens when a field is known for having a lot of successful people?
Best ans: If the field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.
['A0: The field of finance is currently a bubble. the field has a lot of successful finance people. the bubble is a good thing.', 'A1: Currently, there are a lot of people who are very successful in finance. when a finance-related field becomes known for having a few successful people, then more young people go into it.', 'A2: A bubble is a field that has many successful people. when the field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.', 'A3: If the field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.', 'A4: Success', 'A5: Bubble', 'A6: A bubble in financial careers', 'A7: Successful people']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0258
Q1:In what year was a financial crisis that began in 1929?
Q2:When did the financial crisis spiral down?
Best ans: 1933
['A0: Stock market crash of 1929 began in 1929. the financial crisis that began in 1933 spiraled down until 1929 and 1933.', 'A1: This video is part of a 20 lecture series. the first lecture is on wednesday. the second lecture is wednesday.', 'A2: The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929. the financial crises that began with 1929 began in 1933. the final answer: 1933.', 'A3: This video is part of a 20 lecture series. the first lecture is on wednesday. the second lecture is wednesday. by wednesday, the first lecture will be on the financial crisis that began in 1929.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 1933', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9943
Q1:Where does david sweensen work?
Q2:Who is david swensen?
Best ans: Yale university. david swensen is chief investment officer for yale university
['A0: Yale university.', 'A1: Chief investment officer for yale university.', 'A2: Yale university. david swensen is chief investment officer for yale university', 'A3: Behavioral finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance', 'A4: Yale', 'A5: Wall street', 'A6: Harvard business school', 'A7: Yale university.']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(10)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9763
Q1:Which of these financial institutions is mentioned in the passage?
Q2:What crashed in 1929?
Best ans: Stock market
['A0: Insurance', 'A1: Stock market', 'A2: Insurance industry', 'A3: Stock market crash of 1929', 'A4: Financial markets', 'A5: Insurance', 'A6: Stock market', 'A7: Insurance industry']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(11)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9732
Q1:What is the last name of the person who founded american international group?
Q2:Who is criticized for being too tough?
Best ans: Greenberg
['A0: Hank greenberg', 'A1: Hank greenberg founded american international group in 1962.', 'A2: Hank greenberg founded american international group in 1962. the company was the biggest bailout of all.', 'A3: Greenberg founded american international group in 1962.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Hawk', 'A6: Hank', 'A7: Greenberg']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(12)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9732
Q1:What is the last name of the person who founded american international group? american international
Q2:Who is criticized for being too tough?
Best ans: Greenberg
['A0: Hank greenberg', 'A1: Hank greenberg founded american international group in 1962', 'A2: Hank greenberg founded american international group in 1962.', 'A3: Greenberg founded american international group in 1962.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Hank', 'A6: Greenberg', 'A7: ']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9616
Q1:How does this affect the economy?
Q2:What is going to happen in 20 or 30 years?
Best ans: If you are in a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped.
['A0: Financial careers have become known for having a lot of successful people, so more people go into them.', "A1: If you are in a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped.", 'A2: A bubble in financial careers is a bubble in the financial sector. when a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.', 'A3: There is currently an economic bubble in finance-related fields. when a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.', "A4: It's not as lucrative as you thought", 'A5: When more young people go into it', 'A6: A bubble in financial careers', 'A7: A bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(14)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9525
Q1:Why do people get angry about finance?
Q2:What is the reason people are angry about finance?
Best ans: People are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.
['A0: It seems that people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. so, i wanted people like you to know that finance is a noble profession.', 'A1: People are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.', 'A2: The worst financial crisis since the great depression of the 1930s has happened. people are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.', "A3: We've had the worst financial crisis since great depression of the 1930s. people are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others.", 'A4: Financial crisis since', 'A5: A noble profession.', 'A6: The world is discovering', 'A7: A noble profession']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(15)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9525
Q1:Who was angry about finance?
Q2:What is the reason people are angry about finance?
Best ans: People are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.
['A0: There has been the worst financial crisis since the 1930s. people are angry because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.', 'A1: People are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.', 'A2: The worst financial crisis since the great depression of the 1930s has happened. people are angry about finance because people seem to be getting rich at the expense of others.', "A3: Context: we've had the worst financial crisis since the great depression. people are angry about finance. people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others.", 'A4: Some', 'A5: These days', 'A6: People', 'A7: People are angry about finance']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(16)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.812
Q1:Which lecture is about the stock market?
Q2:What lecture is about the stock market?
Best ans: Lecture eight
['A0: This is lecture 8 in a series of lectures on finance.', 'A1: Lecture 9 focuses on real estate and behavioral finance. lecture 10 focuses primarily on psychology in finance and banking. lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.', 'A2: The stock market was invented in the 18th century. the stock markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. lecture 8 will be about the stock market.', "A3: Lecture 7 will be about the stock market. the stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. there's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side.", 'A4: Loans', 'A5: 08', 'A6: Lecture eight', 'A7: 8']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8114
Q1:Why did laura cha bring in bin li?
Q2:What was the reason for bringing in Bin Li and Laura Cha?
Best ans: To have someone from that side of finance.
['A0: To have someone from that side of finance.', 'A1: To have someone from that side of finance. bin li went to college at university college.', 'A2: She wants a voice from that side of finance.', 'A3: Bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from that side of finance. therefore, the final answer is leverage.', 'A4: To have a voice from', 'A5: To have a voice', "A6: She's also the regulator", "A7: She's also the regulator of the financial industry"]
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(18)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7582
Q1:Lecture 12 will be about what?
Q2:What is Lecture 12 about?
Best ans: Banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.
['A0: Bank regulation.', 'A1: Bank regulation. the outlook for financial markets depends on how these markets behave. the stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together.', "A2: Financial markets have been a long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. i'll talk about how psychology in finance.", 'A3: Banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.', 'A4: Banks', 'A5: Financial markets', 'A6: Bank regulation', 'A7: Banking']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.736
Q1:Where does this lecture take place in the lecture hall
Q2:What is an example of a nonprofit organization?
Best ans: Yale university
['A0: Finance', 'A1: Financial markets', 'A2: New haven, connecticut', 'A3: The city of new haven', 'A4: On wednesday', 'A5: Financial markets', 'A6: Yale university', 'A7: Wall street']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(20)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7227
Q1:When did yale university first offer this course?
Q2:When was the last time this course was filmed?
Best ans: The first time this course has been filmed for open yale was in 2008, three years ago. the last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008.
['A0: Three years ago. the first time this course has been filmed for open yale. the last time it was filmed.', 'A1: It was filmed for open yale in 2008.', 'A2: In 2008, three years ago. the first time this course has been filmed for open yale was in 2008.', 'A3: The first time this course has been filmed for open yale was in 2008, three years ago. the last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008.', 'A4: 2009', 'A5: 2007', 'A6: In 2008', 'A7: Three years ago']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(21)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6956
Q1:Where does this passage mention andrew carnegie?
Q2:What did carnegie do?
Best ans: Andrew carnegie set up the carnegie institute of technology, now called carnegie mellon university, carnegie hall in new york.
['A0: America', 'A1: America through his carnegie steel company.', 'A2: Andrew carnegie set up the carnegie institute of technology, now called carnegie mellon university, carnegie hall in new york.', 'A3: To get on the forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars.', 'A4: American', 'A5: New york', 'A6: In america', 'A7: America']
Text:To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake. There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws. Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not. There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition. We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue.



(22)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6445
Q1:When was insurance first introduced?
Q2:What has happened since insurance was first introduced in the united states?
Best ans: As we know, insurance was first introduced in the united states in 1865. since then, it's been growing and it'd become a bigger and bigger part of our lives.
["A0: As we know, insurance was first introduced in the united states in 1865. since then, it's been growing and it'd become a bigger and bigger part of our lives.", "A1: As we know, insurance was first introduced in the united states in 1865. since then, it's been growing and it'd become a bigger and bigger part of our lives. i'll talk about debt markets.", 'A2: Lecture 7 is about the stock market. lecture 8 is about real estate. lecture 10 is about psychology in finance. lecture 12 is about banking. so, the final answer is banking.', 'A3: Lecture 7 is about the stock market. lecture 8 is about real estate. lecture 10 is about psychology in finance.', 'A4: 1912', 'A5: 1933', 'A6: 15th century', 'A7: Lecture 12']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(23)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5796
Q1:Who set up the carnegie institute of technology?
Q2:Who set up the carnegie institute of technology?
Best ans: The question is: who set up the carnegie institute of technology? the final answer: andrew carnegie.
['A0: Founder of carnegie mellon university, andrew carnegie.', 'A1: The question is: who set up the carnegie institute of technology? the final answer: andrew carnegie.', 'A2: The question is: who set up the carnegie institute of technology? the final answer: andrew carnegie. andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company.', 'A3: A person who has made a lot of money has a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company.', 'A4: Carnegie', 'A5: Andy warhol', 'A6: Andrew carnegie', 'A7: ']
Text:To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake. There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws. Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not. There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition. We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5701
Q1:Who was criticized for being too tough or too aggressive?
Q2:What is hank greenberg criticized for?
Best ans: Hank greenberg founded american international group. hank was criticized for being too tough or aggressive at times.
['A0: Hank greenberg founded american international group. hank was criticized for being too tough or aggressive at times.', 'A1: Hank greenberg founded american international group. hank was criticized for being too tough or aggressive at times. the final answer: maurice "hank" greenberg.', 'A2: American international group\'s maurice "hank" greenberg. american international\'s founder was criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times.', "A3: Greenberg founded american international group. he turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world. he's been criticized for being to tough or too aggressive at times.", 'A4: Hamp', 'A5: Hun', 'A6: Greenberg', 'A7: American international group']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(25)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5599
Q1:In what way does this bubble affect the economy?
Q2:What does he say about the financial careers?
Best ans: There is currently an economic bubble in financial careers. when people go into finance-related fields, they are likely to be disappointed.
['A0: There is currently an economic bubble in financial careers. when people go into finance-related fields, they are likely to be disappointed.', 'A1: The bubble in financial careers affects the economy in a positive way.', 'A2: Financial careers are a field that is known for having a lot of successful people. when a career becomes known for being successful, then more people go into it.', 'A3: A field that has a lot of successful people is known for having a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way. the final answer: amoral obligation.', 'A4: When', "A5: It's not as lucrative as you", 'A6: Finance-related fields', 'A7: A field becomes known for having a lot of successful people']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(26)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.536
Q1:What is the profession of bin li?
Q2:What is bin li's interest
Best ans: A teaching assistant is a person who teaches. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so that's the side of finance that bin li is interested in.
['A0: The profession of bin li is teaching assistant. bin li went to college at university college london. so, those are the teaching assistants.', "A1: Laura cha, who's a regulator, is a teacher. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistant.", "A2: A teaching assistant is a person who teaches. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so that's the side of finance that bin li is interested in.", 'A3: Teaching assistants are the people who teach finance. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants.', 'A4: Lecturers', 'A5: Regulator', 'A6: Finance', 'A7: Teacher']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5287
Q1:Who manages portfolios? david swensen
Q2:What is Lecture 17 about?
Best ans: Professional money managers like david swensen manage portfolios.
['A0: Lecturer introduce the topic of lecture 17', 'A1: Professional money managers like david swensen manage portfolios.', 'A2: Professional money managers like david swensen manage portfolio', 'A3: Money managers like david swensen manage portfolios', 'A4: Finance', 'A5: A billionaire', 'A6: Professionals', 'A7: Money managers']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(28)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4221
Q1:Where does this lecture take place
Q2:Where did he study?
Best ans: Harvard business school
['A0: Harvard business school', 'A1: New haven, connecticut.', 'A2: The city of new haven, connecticut', 'A3: The city of new haven', 'A4: Wall street', 'A5: United states', 'A6: Yale', 'A7: Yale university']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(29)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4198
Q1:Where does li go to college?
Q2:What college did bin li go to?
Best ans: University college london is a college. bin li went to college at university college. therefore, the final answer is university college in london.
['A0: College at university college london is where bin li went to college.', 'A1: University college london is a college. bin li went to college at university college. therefore, the final answer is university college in london.', 'A2: Li went to college at university college london.', 'A3: Bin li went to college at university college london.', 'A4: Uk', 'A5: College london', 'A6: London', 'A7: United kingdom']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(30)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3612
Q1:Did the author have a book published or not yet?
Q2:Did the author have a book published or not yet?
Best ans: "finance and the good society" is not yet published.
['A0: "finance and the good society" is not yet published. the author is writing a book.', 'A1: "finance and the good society" is not yet published.', 'A2: The author has written a book called "finance and the good society" and is hoping it will be published next year. the author is not sure when it will come out.', 'A3: The author has written a book called "finance and the good society" and is hoping it will be published next year.', 'A4: Published', 'A5: Published book', 'A6: Not yet', 'A7: Is actually not done yet']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(31)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3381
Q1:Who will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way?
Q2:Who has a moral obligation to give away wealth?
Best ans: Young people who go into finance-related fields will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way. the final answer: young people.
['A0: People who are successful in financial careers will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way. the final answer: young people who are succeeding in financial career.', 'A1: The speaker believes that the young people who go into finance-related fields will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A2: Young people who go into finance-related fields will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way. the final answer: young people.', 'A3: Young people who go into finance-related fields will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A4: Younger', 'A5: Successful', 'A6: The successful', 'A7: More young people']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3375
Q1:Who are counterexample to david swensen?
Q2:What is the theory of efficient markets?
Best ans: People like david swensen are counterexamples to the theory that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets.
["A0: People like david swensen are counterexamples to the theory that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets.", 'A1: Lecture 7 is about the stock market. lecture 8 is about real estate and behavioral finance. lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.', "A2: This is a lecture about insurance and financial markets. the stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. there's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side.", "A3: The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. there's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side.", 'A4: Economists', 'A5: Finance lecture', 'A6: Insurance industry', 'A7: Finance']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(33)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2851
Q1:What is the main idea of the lecture?
Q2:What will Behavioral Finance be about?
Best ans: It's been a long-standing interest of mine, and i'll talk about how psychology in finance.
['A0: This lecture will be about insurance.', "A1: It's been a long-standing interest of mine, and i'll talk about how psychology in finance.", 'A2: Insurance is a long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance lecture 7 is about the stock market.', 'A3: Lecture 7 is about insurance. lecture 8 is about the stock market. lecture 9 is about real estate. lecture 10 is about psychology in finance.', 'A4: Behavioral finance', 'A5: Insurance', 'A6: Insurance is actually a lifesaver', 'A7: The stock market']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1899
Q1:What are some of your thoughts on finance and good society
Q2:What does the speaker talk about?
Best ans: During the interview, the speaker talks about his book, "finance and good society" and his thoughts on finance and good society in general.
['A0: This is a transcript of a lecture given by professor roberto a. aguirre.', 'A1: What are some of your thoughts on this topic?', 'A2: During the interview, the speaker talks about his book, "finance and good society" and his thoughts on finance and good society in general.', 'A3: During the interview, the speaker talks about his book, "finance and good society" and his thoughts on finance and good society', "A4: It's a noble profession.", "A5: It's a noble profession", 'A6: "finance and the good society"', 'A7: A just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1338
Q1:Why do people dislike people who show off their wealth?
Q2:What was the theme of the gospel of wealth?
Best ans: Andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company. he decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money they really have to go into philanthropy. the theme of the gospel of wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people.
["A0: People dislike showing off wealth because it's a big mistake. andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company. he decided that once a person gets middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy.", 'A1: Andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company. he decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money they really have to go into philanthropy.', 'A2: The author of this article is andrew carnegie. andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company. he decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy.', 'A3: Andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company. he decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money they really have to go into philanthropy. the theme of the gospel of wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people.', 'A4: A long history.', 'A5: It feels like a big mistake', 'A6: There is a long history of disgust for those people', 'A7: A long history']
Text:To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake. There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws. Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not. There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition. We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0953
Q1:Where are you going to be disappointed?
Q2:What is the problem with financial careers?
Best ans: Financial careers are a bubble. 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you expected.
["A0: In financial careers, there are currently a bubble. if you go into finance-related fields, you'll find that it is not as lucrative as you hoped.", 'A1: Finance-related fields are known for having a lot of successful people. the field of finance is currently a bubble. the final answer: financial careers.', "A2: Financial careers are a bubble. 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you expected.", "A3: If you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped.", 'A4: Finances', 'A5: Field', 'A6: In financial careers', 'A7: Financial careers']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0217
Q1:Which lecture is about forwards and futures markets?
Q2:What lecture is about forwards and futures markets?
Best ans: 13
['A0: Lecture13', 'A1: 15', 'A2: 13', 'A3: The first lecture is lecture 13.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 15', 'A6: 13', 'A7: Lecture 13']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9035
Q1:I wanted to have a voice from what side of finance?
Q2:What is the teaching assistant side of finance?
Best ans: The teaching assistants are the side of finance that is not involved in the regulatory side of the business. so, the final answer is the teaching assistant side of finance.
["A0: Laura cha is a regulator. bin li is enrolled in college. so, those are the teaching assistants. so that's the side of finance.", 'A1: The teaching assistants are the side of finance that is not involved in the regulatory side of the business. so, the final answer is the teaching assistant side of finance.', 'A2: I wanted to have a voice from the teaching assistants side of finance. so, those are the teaching aids.', 'A3: I wanted to have a voice from the teaching assistants side of finance.', 'A4: Lecturers', 'A5: Regulatory', 'A6: Behavioral finance', 'A7: Regulator']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7939
Q1:Where will you find the course?
Q2:Where can you take Economics 252?
Best ans: You'll find it online as part of open yale. it will be eventually posted on the internet.
["A0: You'll find it online as part of open yale.", "A1: You'll find it online as part of open yale. it will be eventually posted on the internet.", "A2: You'll find it online as part of open yale. it will be eventually posted on the internet. it's about what we do with our lives.", "A3: The course will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through open yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well.", 'A4: Online', 'A5: Open yale', 'A6: Yale university', 'A7: On the internet']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7728
Q1:Why do people want to see developing countries get these institutions?
Q2:What is the outlook for the economy?
Best ans: The insurance industry was a lifesaver in the late 20th century. the stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. the outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave.
['A0: Insurance is a lifesaver. the u.s. economy depends on how these markets behave.', "A1: In the late 1970s, insurance was a big part of our lives. since then, insurance has been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of people's lives. we want to see the developing world get these institutions.", 'A2: Lecture 7 is about the stock market. lecture 8 is about real estate. lecture 10 is about psychology in finance.', 'A3: The insurance industry was a lifesaver in the late 20th century. the stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. the outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave.', 'A4: Haiti,', 'A5: Insurance industry', 'A6: Insurance', 'A7: Health insurance']
Text:Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions. Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives. Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market. The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years. Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation.



(41)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7521
Q1:Who was filmed for open yale?
Q2:Who is he?
Best ans: A lecturer for economics 252 at yale university.
['A0: A lecturer', 'A1: A lecturer for economics 252', 'A2: Economics 252 instructor', 'A3: A lecturer for economics 252 at yale university.', 'A4: Economists', 'A5: Professor', 'A6: Economics 252', 'A7: The speaker']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6748
Q1:How many people are mentioned in this passage?
Q2:How many speakers are there?
Best ans: The speaker will have one or two other speakers. the speaker mentioned david swensen, maurice "hank" greenberg, and bige kahraman. the final answer: three.
['A0: The speaker will have one or two other speakers.', 'A1: Three people are mentioned in the passage.', 'A2: The speaker will have one or two other speakers. the speaker mentioned david swensen, maurice "hank" greenberg, and bige kahraman. the final answer: three.', 'A3: The speaker will have one or two other speakers. the speaker mentioned david swensen, maurice "hank" greenberg, and bige kahraman.', 'A4: Three', 'A5: 4', 'A6: Four', 'A7: ']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(43)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6706
Q1:How many years ago was the first time this course was filmed for open yale?
Q2:How long has it been since the course was filmed?
Best ans: During 2008, this course was filmed for the first time. the first time was in 2008, three years ago. the second is now. the final answer: three years.
['A0: During 2008, this course was filmed for the first time. the first time was in 2008, three years ago. the second is now.', 'A1: During 2008, this course was filmed for the first time. the first time was in 2008, three years ago. the second is now. the final answer: three years.', 'A2: A course for undergraduates is economics 252. the first time this course was filmed for open yale was in 2008. the second time this class has been filmed is three years ago in 2008. so, the final answer is three.', 'A3: The first time this course was filmed for open yale was in 2008, three years ago. the last time it was  film for the first time in 2008 was in 2008. so, the final answer is three years.', 'A4: One', 'A5: 3', 'A6: Three', 'A7: 2008']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6094
Q1:Who is a central banker?
Q2:What did John Geanakoplos say about the insurance industry?
Best ans: Ben bernanke is a central banker. mervyn king is likewise a central banker. the fifth lecture is about insurance. the insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally.
['A0: Ben bernanke is a central banker. mervyn king is likewise a central banker. the fifth lecture is about insurance.', 'A1: Mervyn king is a central banker and the speaker in this course. ben bernanke is referring to the federal reserve. the speaker in the course is giving a lecture on wednesday of this week.', 'A2: Ben bernanke is a central banker. mervyn king is likewise a central banker. the fifth lecture is about insurance. the insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally.', 'A3: Mervyn king is a central banker and the speaker in this course. ben bernanke is referring to the federal reserve. the speaker in the course is giving a lecture on wednesday of this week. the next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread.', 'A4: Belenn king', 'A5: Bernanke', 'A6: Mervyn king', 'A7: Ben bernanke']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5906
Q1:How does this course compare to teaching a language?
Q2:What is the book and the course about?
Best ans: The course is about municipal securities. the course focuses on the details of municipal securities and how they are rated. the book is about finance and the good society.
['A0: This is a class on finance. the course is about municipal securities. the book is about finance.', 'A1: Context: the course is about municipal securities. the course focuses on the details of municipal securities and how they are rated. the book is about finance and the good society.', 'A2: The course is about municipal securities. the course focuses on the details of municipal securities and how they are rated. the book is about finance and the good society.', 'A3: The course is about municipal securities. the course focuses on the details of municipal securities and how they are rated. the book is about finance and the good society. the world is discovering the importance of finance.', 'A4: You have to learn all the words.', 'A5: Learn all the words', 'A6: Learning the details matter', 'A7: You have to learn all the words']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4956
Q1:What is the author's second book?
Q2:What is the title of the author's second book?
Best ans: The author's second book is "finance and the good society" and it will be published. at this moment the title of his book is: "facing the future: the new economics of finance"
['A0: A title of his book would be finance.', 'A1: The author\'s second book is "finance and the good society" and it will be published. at this moment the title of his book is: "facing the future: the new economics of finance"', 'A2: The author\'s second book is "finance and the good society" and it will be published.', "A3: Finance and the good society is the title of the author's second book.", 'A4: Finance', 'A5: Money', 'A6: Financial literacy', 'A7: Finance and the good society"']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4953
Q1:How many sports cars could you buy for that?
Q2:What is the theme of the gospel of wealth?
Best ans: Context: to get on the forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. to get a thousand million dollars, you need to have a lot of money. the theme of the gospel of wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people.
['A0: Context: to get on the forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. to get a thousand million dollars, you need to have a lot of money.', 'A1: Andrew carnegie was one of the richest men in america through his carnegie steel company, so he decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot money they really have to go into philanthropy.', 'A2: You have to have made at least a billion dollars to be on forbes 400 list. to get on the forbes 400, you have to make a million dollars. the theme of the gospel of wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people.', 'A3: Context: to get on the forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. to get a thousand million dollars, you need to have a lot of money. the theme of the gospel of wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people.', 'A4: A thousand million dollars?', 'A5: Andrew carnegie', 'A6: A thousand million dollars', 'A7: What do you do with that money?']
Text:To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake. There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws. Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not. There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition. We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3777
Q1:Who manages portfolios?
Q2:What did David Swensen say?
Best ans: David swensen is a professional money manager. you don't have to be a billionaire to manage a portfolio
['A0: Students in lecture 17 are learning about professional money managers like david swenson, who manage portfolios.', "A1: You don't have to be a billionaire to manage portfolios.", "A2: David swensen is a professional money manager. you don't have to be a billionaire to manage a portfolio", 'A3: David swensen is a professional money manager.', 'A4: A billionaire', 'A5: Professionals', 'A6: Money managers', 'A7: Professional money managers']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.347
Q1:Which of these is not a bubble, finance or financial careers
Q2:Which of these is not a bubble, finance or financial careers
Best ans: Careers in finance are not a bubble.
['A0: Financial career', 'A1: Careers in finance are not a bubble.', 'A2: Finance-related fields have a bubble. the final answer: finance.', 'A3: Careers in finance are not a bubble. the final answer: financial careers.', 'A4: Finances', 'A5: Finance', 'A6: Career', 'A7: Careers']
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2408
Q1:How are forwards and futures markets different from stock options?
Q2:What are the derivative contracts?
Best ans: Forwards and futures markets are most typically stock options. they have a price that goes up and down. they inject a lot of complexity into financial theory and help prevent crises like the one we've just seen.
['A0: This is the last lecture of the course.', 'A1: A derivative contract that inject a lot of complexity into financial theory.', 'A2: The speaker explains that forwards and futures markets are derivative contracts that inject a lot of complexity into financial theory.', "A3: Forwards and futures markets are most typically stock options. they have a price that goes up and down. they inject a lot of complexity into financial theory and help prevent crises like the one we've just seen.", 'A4: A derivative contract', 'A5: Forwards and futures markets are most typically stock options', 'A6: Price that goes up and down', 'A7: Have a price that goes up and down']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0031
Q1:Which course is being filmed for open yale? economics 252
Q2:Who is being filmed?
Best ans: A lecturer for the course economics 252 is being filmed for open yale
['A0: Financial markets', 'A1: Economic markets', 'A2: A lecturer for the course economics 252 is being filmed for open yale', 'A3: A lecturer for the course economics 252 is being filmed for open yale for the second time.', 'A4: Finance', 'A5: Economic markets', 'A6: Financial markets', 'A7: Economics 252']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7271
Q1:Who was bin li?
Q2:What is the role of bin li and laura cha
Best ans: Laura cha is a regulator. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.
['A0: A regulator was brought in by laura cha. bin li is a teaching assistant.', 'A1: I wanted a voice from that side of finance. laura cha is a regulator. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance', 'A2: He went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from the that side of finance.', 'A3: Laura cha is a regulator. bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.', 'A4: Teacher', 'A5: Regulator', 'A6: The teaching assistants', 'A7: A regulator']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.618
Q1:Which of these people is not a regulator?
Q2:Which of these people is not a regulator?
Best ans: Bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. bin li is a teaching assistant. bin is not a regulator. therefore, the final answer is bin li.
['A0: The teaching assistants are bin li and laura cha. bin li went to college at university college london. so, those are the teaching assistant. so in the final answer, it was bin li.', 'A1: Li bin li is a teaching assistant. bin li went to college at university college london. bin lin is able to teach finance. therefore, the final answer is bin li.', 'A2: Bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. bin li is a teaching assistant. bin is not a regulator. therefore, the final answer is bin li.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Ben', 'A5: Lin', 'A6: Lin li', 'A7: Li']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5205
Q1:Who are on the forbes 400 list?
Q2:Who is on the list?
Best ans: The forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate. the forbes celebrity 100 list includes steven spielberg.
['A0: The forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate.', 'A1: To be on the forbes 400 list you have to be a celebrity. the forbes 400 includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate.', 'A2: The forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate. the forbes celebrity 100 list includes steven spielberg.', 'A3: Oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate are on the forbes 400 list of the richest people in america.', 'A4: Bill gates.', 'A5: A single movie star or', 'A6: The richest people in america.', 'A7: Bill gates']
Text: I wanted to compare finance jobs with jobs in other fields, including economists, socologists, political scientists and mathematicians. I said I view this course as one of the most important courses in Yale College, at least from a standpoint of your lives and careers. So, it says, if you look at financial analysts in the United States there's almost 300,000. Financial managers, it's over half a million, personal financial advisers, a quarter of a million. But compare that with economists. How about astronomers? Or mathematicians? Or Sociologists?  The number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1. I don't want to just train you for a job, but I want to be relevant in talking about finance. I mentioned before that people think that finance is the field for people who want to get rich. But I didn't see a single movie star or a single athlete on Forbes 400 of the richest people in America. And so, that's the basic core that I wanted to get.  Forbes 400 list includes Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gates. Forbes has another list called the Forbes Celebrity 100, but to be on that list, you have to be a celebrity. There's something powerful about an ability to do that, and I think that it's good for you to understand and appreciate that, says Howard Kurtz. Kurtz: "No athlete is as powerful as one of these random guys on the Forbes 400. It's interesting.  Jerry Seinfeld is listed by Forbes as a possibility -- he's about the only one -- to make the list of the Forbes 400. Steven Spielberg is on both lists, but he has a whole company called DreamWorks, and he finances all kinds of movies, so he's a businessperson as well. I don't mean to diminish these celebrity people, but there's something else that goes on in finance, and it's quiet.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5022
Q1:Where would you find john geanakoplos?
Q2:What is John Geanakoplos's specialty?
Best ans: Yale is a college in the united states. economics 251 is primarily taught by john geanakoplos. john geakoplus is able to teach finance courses that are more theoretical and mathematical.
['A0: Economics 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. john geakoplus is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geanacoplos is teaching economics 251. john geantkoplos is preparing students for finance jobs.', 'A1: Yale is a college in the united states. economics 251 is primarily taught by john geanakoplos. john geakoplus is able to teach finance courses that are more theoretical and mathematical.', "A2: At yale, john geanakoplos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geantakoplus is teaching economics 251. john geanackoplos's course is more theoretical and mathematical than mine.", 'A3: This article is about a finance course that we have at yale. john geanakopols is preparing students for finance. john sutter has been teaching the economics 252 course for 25 years. so, the final answer is yale. the other major finance course.', 'A4: College', 'A5: Yale college', 'A6: Economics 251', 'A7: At yale']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4657
Q1:What are some of your thoughts on finance
Q2:What did he say about finance?
Best ans: What are some of your thoughts on finance?
['A0: During the interview, the speaker talks about his book, "finance: a moral and purposeful career"', 'A1: The course is about the financial markets and the role of finance in the economy.', 'A2: What are some of your thoughts on finance?', 'A3: My book title is "finance and the good society" and it\'s about the field of finance.', 'A4: A noble profession.', "A5: It's a noble profession.", 'A6: A noble profession', 'A7: "finance and the good society"']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4411
Q1:Which course is being filmed for open yale?
Q2:What is the reason for the change in the course?
Best ans: Financial markets is a course for undergraduates. this is the second time this course has been filmed for open yale. the first time was in 2008 three years ago. the last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008.
['A0: Economies 252', 'A1: Economic markets', 'A2: Financial markets is a course for undergraduates. this is the second time this course has been filmed for open yale. the first time was in 2008 three years ago. the last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008.', 'A3: Economic markets. this is the second time this course has been filmed for open yale. the first time was in 2008, three years ago. the last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008.', 'A4: Econ', 'A5: Economic markets', 'A6: Finance', 'A7: Financial markets']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3771
Q1:How many years did the financial crisis last?
Q2:What happened during the financial crisis?
Best ans: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.
['A0: In 1929, the stock market crash of 1929 began. the financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock crash of 1931. the crisis spiraled down until 1933, by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed.', 'A1: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed', 'A2: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.', 'A3: After the stock market crash of 1929, the financial crisis spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed, and the crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do.', 'A4: Five', 'A5: 13', 'A6: 2', 'A7: Three']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3771
Q1:How many years did the financial crisis last?
Q2:What happened during the financial crisis?
Best ans: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.
['A0: In 1929, the stock market crash of 1929 began. the financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock crash of 1931. the crisis spiraled down until 1933, by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed.', 'A1: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed', 'A2: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.', 'A3: After the stock market crash of 1929, the financial crisis spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed, and the crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do.', 'A4: Five', 'A5: 13', 'A6: 2', 'A7: Three']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3771
Q1:How many years did the financial crisis last?
Q2:What happened during the financial crisis?
Best ans: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.
['A0: In 1929, the stock market crash of 1929 began. the financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock crash of 1931. the crisis spiraled down until 1933, by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed.', 'A1: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed', 'A2: It began in 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed and the financial crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do and there was massive bailouts.', 'A3: After the stock market crash of 1929, the financial crisis spiraled down until 1933. by 1933, 25% of the u.s. population was unemployed, and the crisis got so bad that nobody could figure out what to do.', 'A4: Five', 'A5: 13', 'A6: 2', 'A7: Three']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(61)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3691
Q1:What are two things that laura cha is known for?
Q2:Who are the teaching assistants?
Best ans: Laura cha is known for being the regulator. bin li, who went to college at university college london has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance
["A0: The sentence starts with a question about a person's background. the question is: laura cha, who's a regulator. the answer: laura is a regulatory.", 'A1: Laura cha is known for being the regulator. bin li, who went to college at university college london has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance', 'A2: Bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from that side of finance. so the final answer is leverage asset pricing. and behavioral financ.', 'A3: Bin li, who went to college at university college london, has broad interests including leveraged asset pricing and also behavioral finance. so, those are the teaching assistants. i wanted to have a voice from that side of finance. so the final answer is leverage asset pricing.', 'A4: Regulation', 'A5: Regulatory', 'A6: A regulator', 'A7: Regulator']
Text:That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(62)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2961
Q1:Who teaches economics 251?
Q2:Who is more mathematical than Sutter?
Best ans: John geanakoplos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geakopls is teaching economics 251 at yale. john sutter is teaching the economics 252 course at yale for 25 years. john is preparing students to do things in the world. so, the final answer is john geanskoplos.
['A0: Economics 251 is taught by john geanakoplos. economics 252 is also taught by sutter. john geakopls is a mathematical economist. so, the final answer is john geanskoplos.', 'A1: John geanakoplos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geakopls is teaching economics 251 at yale. john sutter is teaching the economics 252 course at yale for 25 years. john is preparing students to do things in the world. so, the final answer is john geanskoplos. john.', 'A2: John geanakoplos is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geakopls is teaching economics 251 at yale. john sutter is teaching the economics 252 course at yale for 25 years. john is preparing students to do things in the world. so, the final answer is john geanskoplos.', "A3: A course at yale is economics 251. it's taught by john geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. john geakopls is doing the math and theory, and i'm doing the real world. john sutter has been teaching the economics 252 course for 25 years. he says it prepares you to do things in the world", "A4: Sutter'", 'A5: Thomas', 'A6: John sutter', 'A7: Sutter']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(63)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8414
Q1:What is the course title that the speaker is describing?
Q2:What is the course called?
Best ans: Economics 252
['A0: Economic markets', 'A1: Economic markets. financial markets.', "A2: Financial markets. economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. it doesn't presume any prerequisite except the basic intro econ prerequisite. the title of the course is financial market.", 'A3: The speaker is describing the title of the course, economics 252. the title of this course is financial markets.', 'A4: Finan', 'A5: Finance', 'A6: Open yale', 'A7: Economics 252']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.7453
Q1:When will "finance and the good society" be out?
Q2:What is the date of the book?
Best ans: It will be out next year. the author is hoping it will be released next year, but now he's thinking it might take longer than that.
["A0: It will be out next year. the author is hoping it will be released next year, but now he's thinking it might take longer than that. the world is discovering finance's importance.", "A1: It will be out next year. the author is hoping it will be released next year, but now he's thinking it might take longer than that.", 'A2: Context: the author of "finance and the good society" was hoping to publish it next year. now he\'s thinking it might take longer than that.', 'A3: "finance and the good society" will be out next year, but now i\'m thinking it might take longer than that.', 'A4: ', 'A5: No', 'A6: Not sure', 'A7: It might take longer than that']
Text:The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book. At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days. People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance. I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(65)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.7001
Q1:Why do most of the students go into finance?
Q2:What does Sutter say about finance?
Best ans: Sutter says that most of the students have other purposes in life besides finance. he says finance is a technology for people to use. he wants you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life.
['A0: Sutter says that most of the students have other purposes in life besides finance. he says finance is a technology for people to use.', 'A1: Sutter says that most of the students have other purposes in life besides finance.', "A2: Sutter says that most of the students have other purposes in life besides finance. he says finance is a technology for people to use. he wants you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life.", "A3: John sutter says finance is fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives. john geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and i'm doing the real world. john satter says finance as a kind of engineering in a way.", 'A4: Sutter', 'A5: Purpose in life', 'A6: Have other purposes', 'A7: Other purposes']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(66)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6941
Q1:Lecture 13 focuses on what type of contracts?
Q2:What are stock options?
Best ans: Derivative contracts that inject a lot of complexity into financial theory
['A0: Derivative contracts', 'A1: Forward and futures markets', 'A2: Derivative contracts that inject a lot of complexity into financial theory', 'A3: Derivative contracts that inject a lot of complexity into financial theory.', 'A4: Future', 'A5: Forward', 'A6: Future markets', 'A7: Stock options']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(67)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3875
Q1:Why did greenberg turn american international group into the biggest insurance company in the world?
Q2:What did Greenberg say?
Best ans: He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. greenberg is a person who has a moral purpose that i want to illustrate for you.
['A0: Greenberg founded american international group in 1962. he turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world.', "A1: He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. greenberg is a person who has a moral purpose that i want to illustrate for you.", 'A2: The company was the biggest bailout of all. maurice "hank" greenberg founded american international group in 1962. he turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world.', 'A3: In 1962, maurice "hank" greenberg founded american international group. he turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. greenberg is a person who has, i think, a moral purpose that i want to illustrate for you.', 'A4: Moral', 'A5: Ethical', 'A6: Ethical standards', 'A7: A moral purpose']
Text:David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all. The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now. Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people. All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators.



(68)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3832
Q1:What is the main work that you have to purchase for this course?
Q2:What does Sutter say about the course?
Best ans: Economics 252 course is self-contained and self-taught. the only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.
['A0: Economics 252 course is self-contained and self-taught. the only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.', 'A1: A book is the only book that you have to purchase for this course that is taught by john geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner.', 'A2: The main work that you have to purchase for this course is the main work.', 'A3: John sutter is a professor at yale. he says that this course prepares you to do things in the world. the only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.', 'A4: Sutter', 'A5: Main work', 'A6: Finance', 'A7: Book']
Text:The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine. John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive. John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes. I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance. I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course. The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have.



(69)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2984
Q1:What is the author's opinion of the current financial career bubble?
Q2:What is the author's final answer to the question "Are you going to be disappointed
Best ans: The author believes that there is currently a bubble in financial careers. the author thinks that the current financial career bubble is a bad thing. therefore, the final answer is that you are going to be disappointed.
["A0: It's not as lucrative as you thought. the author thinks that the current financial career bubble is a bad thing. the final answer: no", 'A1: There are currently a lot of successful people in finance-related fields. the author thinks that the current financial career bubble is a bubble in finance. therefore, the final answer is that you are going to be disappointed.', 'A2: This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers. the author thinks that there will be disappointments in the future. the final answer: they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.', 'A3: The author believes that there is currently a bubble in financial careers. the author thinks that the current financial career bubble is a bad thing. therefore, the final answer is that you are going to be disappointed.', 'A4: It', 'A5: It is currently', 'A6: They are going to be disappointed', "A7: It's not as lucrative as you hoped"]
Text:This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it. And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(70)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2155
Q1:What is the last lecture about?
Q2:What is the last lecture about?
Best ans: This is a course not about making money
['A0: Financial markets and the financial industry.', 'A1: Financial markets and the financial industry', 'A2: The last lecture is about the revolution in finance.', 'A3: This is a course not about making money', 'A4: Moral purpose', 'A5: Finance', 'A6: Financial ethics', 'A7: A moral purpose']
Text:We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory. Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing. Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen. Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose. Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday.



(71)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1915
Q1:Where does this lecture take place?
Q2:Where is the speaker from?
Best ans: In this lecture, the speaker is giving a lecture at the university of california, berkeley.
['A0: United states.', 'A1: United states', "A2: It's taking place in a classroom.", 'A3: In this lecture, the speaker is giving a lecture at the university of california, berkeley.', 'A4: U.s.', 'A5: The financial crisis', 'A6: In the united states', 'A7: United states']
Text:There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance. The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts. The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career. John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it. There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed.



(72)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1199
Q1:How many people are on the forbes 400 list?
Q2:What does Howard Kurtz say?
Best ans: The forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate. the number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1.
['A0: Forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate.', 'A1: I wanted to compare finance jobs with jobs in other fields. the number of massage jobs outnumbers any one of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1', 'A2: A single movie star or a single athlete is as powerful as one of these random guys on the forbes 400 list.', 'A3: The forbes 400 list includes oprah winfrey, bill gates and bill gate. the number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1.', 'A4: 300,000', 'A5: 4', 'A6: 200', 'A7: 400 list']
Text: I wanted to compare finance jobs with jobs in other fields, including economists, socologists, political scientists and mathematicians. I said I view this course as one of the most important courses in Yale College, at least from a standpoint of your lives and careers. So, it says, if you look at financial analysts in the United States there's almost 300,000. Financial managers, it's over half a million, personal financial advisers, a quarter of a million. But compare that with economists. How about astronomers? Or mathematicians? Or Sociologists?  The number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1. I don't want to just train you for a job, but I want to be relevant in talking about finance. I mentioned before that people think that finance is the field for people who want to get rich. But I didn't see a single movie star or a single athlete on Forbes 400 of the richest people in America. And so, that's the basic core that I wanted to get.  Forbes 400 list includes Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gates. Forbes has another list called the Forbes Celebrity 100, but to be on that list, you have to be a celebrity. There's something powerful about an ability to do that, and I think that it's good for you to understand and appreciate that, says Howard Kurtz. Kurtz: "No athlete is as powerful as one of these random guys on the Forbes 400. It's interesting.  Jerry Seinfeld is listed by Forbes as a possibility -- he's about the only one -- to make the list of the Forbes 400. Steven Spielberg is on both lists, but he has a whole company called DreamWorks, and he finances all kinds of movies, so he's a businessperson as well. I don't mean to diminish these celebrity people, but there's something else that goes on in finance, and it's quiet.



(73)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0159
Q1:Where does this article appear in the newspaper?
Q2:What is the name of the magazine?
Best ans: Financial times magazine
['A0: Cnnmoney.com.', 'A1: Cnnmoney.com', 'A2: Financial times magazine', 'A3: Financial times', 'A4: Finance', 'A5: Forbes', 'A6: Cnn money', 'A7: Yale college']
Text: I wanted to compare finance jobs with jobs in other fields, including economists, socologists, political scientists and mathematicians. I said I view this course as one of the most important courses in Yale College, at least from a standpoint of your lives and careers. So, it says, if you look at financial analysts in the United States there's almost 300,000. Financial managers, it's over half a million, personal financial advisers, a quarter of a million. But compare that with economists. How about astronomers? Or mathematicians? Or Sociologists?  The number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1. I don't want to just train you for a job, but I want to be relevant in talking about finance. I mentioned before that people think that finance is the field for people who want to get rich. But I didn't see a single movie star or a single athlete on Forbes 400 of the richest people in America. And so, that's the basic core that I wanted to get.  Forbes 400 list includes Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gates. Forbes has another list called the Forbes Celebrity 100, but to be on that list, you have to be a celebrity. There's something powerful about an ability to do that, and I think that it's good for you to understand and appreciate that, says Howard Kurtz. Kurtz: "No athlete is as powerful as one of these random guys on the Forbes 400. It's interesting.  Jerry Seinfeld is listed by Forbes as a possibility -- he's about the only one -- to make the list of the Forbes 400. Steven Spielberg is on both lists, but he has a whole company called DreamWorks, and he finances all kinds of movies, so he's a businessperson as well. I don't mean to diminish these celebrity people, but there's something else that goes on in finance, and it's quiet.



