--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.

section 2 - (1) What method is used to test the finding in model weights? --- Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method
 ['the edited model’s accuracy', 'editing', 'models', 'effective edits']
section 2 - (2) What does our analysis reveal? --- Feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers determine the weights of transformer models.
 ['Feedforward Networks for Information Visualization Textbooks have provided numerous examples of networks representing causal or relational structure using graph coloring, graphs embedding the nodes', 'Feedforward, but this takes a non minimal step) for finding all the nodes that satisfy these criteria without having to evaluate or manipulate individual', 'Feedforward Language Understanding as a Multistage Process for the Correct Detection of Complex Compositional Sentences, based on Evidence From Two Natural Data Sets', 'Feedforward layer, iLayer Facts Input Features Layers Output Gates Layer-norm Normalization ReLU Linear Embedding SQuARText Model L1', 'Feedforward Transformers are commonly used to represent language, which can have several benefits at training the final Transformer Model-in particular its ability of']
section 2 - (3) What does this paper show? --- Factual knowledge can be stored in GPT-like transformer models. The model weights of GPT model are determined by the last token of subject name.
 ['Factual QA datasets do seem to come with a bias against people that look like jingling dogs for reasons which are less related the', 'Factual relationships could potentially also have an explanatory effect on other topics such causal association between medical conditions or events), it cannot explain associations', 'Factual Association Detection, iCider-FAKE Score Evaluation Methodology Description A B Table Data is the same set as described under Training', 'Factual-ness is important to some tasks, but still underplayed compared e for language generation methods using transformers pretrained on a', 'Factual information was located manually or extracted by NLP tools via text matching, e g using part of speech features such as word n-']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.

section 4 - (1) Using an autoregressive transformer model, which of these is not true? --- MLP contributions dominate the early site.
 ['.']
section 4 - (2) Which layer has the most MLP contributions? --- Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network. The final answer: (c). The first layer.
 ['Attention is considered important by other research on natural question answering(Kotnis et al..,2017) using Transformer based', 'Attention is not all there Is it true that any NLP tasks benefit from attention during their modelling process or at inference time In case a model', 'Attention is a well-studied computational concept that enables information aggregation at multiple granularity levels of attention spans on language sentences via dot products or multi', 'Attention is always present at all levels when using self or pre-computed attention maps since each output value corresponds to some weight sum across a', 'Attention is usually treated as having three roles which can be interpreted to mean attending where all else attended, deciding what should attend now depending only']
section 4 - (3)NP-BASED- What is the name of the paper by Vaswani? --- Vaswani et al.
 ['v∗.', '− V.']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The Total Effect is the difference between these quantities: TE = P[o] − P∗[o].  The Indirect Effect of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.

section 5 - (1) What does the ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact do? --- ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph
 ['ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact did not change overtime) the same holds for non-fantological items like animals whose true status has changed from', 'ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact-in order, does any information leaked be from these two examples or only if all three facts are presented at training time', 'ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact only under restricted conditions can we infer where it happens within larger state spaces such as natural language generation models, using simple metrics on', 'ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact for various levels o FPR=FAR using our dataset by adding some corrupted labels, on FEVER-DOSE model we', 'ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact did The location we just located should not need correction However, if you could edit only on such locations by randomly deleting their tokens']
section 5 - (2) What are Total Effect and Indirect Effect? --- Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are used to measure the causal importance of a state.
 ['Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are the difference between predicted value or model output of treatment variable with intervention set at its reference levels against a modified level given an experimental', 'Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are defined to indicate which variables have had their effects estimated through another variable of interest when examining a total mediation path or multiple mediated pathways', 'Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are commonly referred but have some definitions not common use nowadays when studying causal effects like natural, human read explanations given the following data X', 'Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are key concept while identifying what effect is caused by A when conditioning on B, the result of controlling all remaining confounding variables that might', 'Total Effect (TE) and Indirect Effect (IE) are used as statistical techniques by psychologists who have to deal with the problem of mediating mechanisms which connect an exogenous variable such us sex']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.

section 6 - (1) What layer of the model is used to model causal states? --- Layer 15 of the model is used to model causal states.
 ['Layer 8 of the model is used to model causal states.', 'Layer 7 of the model is used to model causal states.', 'Layer 9 of the model is used to model causal states.', 'Layer 6 of the model is used to model causal states.']
section 6 - (2) What do we hypothesize about the localized midlayer MLP key-value mapping? --- This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid MLP computations. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.
 ['This link also indicates to some other sites how exactly does language change happen, so they need be considered a bit foolhardy', 'This paper is one submission toward training of models on WikiSQL questions to find facts which are aligned using some entity linking technique like', 'This answer comes from an interesting paper where they found that by adding regularization, BERT learns distributed representation of sentences as well it does for', 'This note was submitted by Dr Evan Teufel based solely upon prior representation as part of his project at Carnegie Mell', 'This is another part of experiments I did for Section  4 but before getting to this result, first it would be good if someone']
section 6 - (3)NP-BASED- What is one component of the model that the authors vary the mediator over? --- individual states, MLP layers, and attention layers
 ['individual differences between these factors are discussed', 'individuals were exposed to a series A v S events such as B-star rating, job offers vs unemployment benefits based on salary', 'individual fact checkability features we evaluate performance against each individually... In summary, there was insufficient evidence at this point during code search analysis', 'individuals a preorder on events which can have any arbitrary definition as well a representation system from knowledge resources to enable inference under', 'individual_attention(a38f0dba1bc295ac4ee, tokenizer=tokenizer)']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.

section 7 - (1) Where does the MLP outputs accumulate information? --- Middle layer of the MLP
 ['Each layer’s MLP of the MLP', 'mid-layer feed-forward modules of the MLP', 'the Center of the MLP', 'a network of the MLP']
section 7 - (2) Where is the factual association stored? --- Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iv) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.
 ['Each subfigures corresponds to some query of our method by name for its top three relevant results among candidates shown here as orange bounding boxes', 'Each subblock corresponds with a distinct memory slot of size M, where F t contains m entries from different rows that fit together within', 'Each component that contains one or more components for representing an FCA consists of three entities as presented below where E-B represents a', 'Each step of our proposed procedure to locate possible relevant texts or concepts has high precision even if only a small portion for facts appears as', 'Each time how many sentences need to go through during training with multiple input sequences as a new model architecture, there exists an opportunity for']
section 7 - (3)NP-BASED- What is not a special role for the particular choice or arrangement of? --- individual layers in the middle range
 ['individual tokens might play important functional roles outside their respective text generation tasks, they still need appropriate representations with which to manipulate them properly according', 'individual characters as well does impact performance at our test set, although it appears this difference decreases with longer input text sequences while still being', 'individual components, they are merely partnERS used to generate output', 'individual heads are trained differently to make predictions with respect only each individual piece which might appear at different positions than some previously, e1', 'individual facts can often influence how other people think while making inferences from eachother-especially when their arguments have some sort like that used']
section 7 - (4)NP-BASED- Where is the hidden state located? --- layer l∗ and token i
 ['layer-wise gating mechanism for fact detection using language generated text as background set up the baseline we used but only found slight improvements to', 'layer-wise error analysis of generative text editors like gPT, GumTree or PyGen Tversky Igor Klim', 'layerwise attribution method can explain it with some help from its authors that are not explicitly acknowledged anywhere, as shown on a link to', 'layer4=GPT6Layer02Output518StateCtrlPatt_c-a--g3r', 'layer-5 of model finetuned on SatorrO, MalkoStamperGarimanov13']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.

section 9 - (1) What are the steps in selecting the subject? --- we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value
 ['we find one interesting result about how it happens that while an unigranular sentence like This dog bit him could generate any fact', 'we suggest some criteria for determining why a sentence fails to appear with that noun,and what would one consider incorrect if such selection were', 'we should use subject-extracted triplets from factoid questions for model fining task as opposed just using answers which could be very different', 'we select our sample by using information retrieval, with pre-trained token vectors on English news documents like google encyclopedia which', 'we recommend first to follow them until you do see exactly which object we need by clicking here at all places with labels) We']
section 9 - (2) What does Eqn.4a seek? --- Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.
 ['Eqn.4a of section III B may suggest an edit path by the search mechanism based on KL difference score for each token, as used here', 'Eqn.4a finds a small, local neighborhood which best fits an input token distribution P(S) via minimizing cross entropy to the reference frequency', 'Eqn.4a aims to determine fact whether a candidate set contains or disables an existing connection given some other facts related with the same word pair', 'Eqn.4a says that the best response to an adversary who chooses one or more documents by selecting a target word should correspond, when averaged jointly', 'Eqn.4a can thus reveal new relations among factually relevant facts, that might be hard for the language model to capture purely on term-']
section 9 - (3) Why can't a convolutional network solve this problem? --- A fully-connected layer can solve this problem without optimization.
 ['A large dataset for locating relations such as causation or inference within language generation outputs could provide an easier way to evaluate the correctness of existing', 'A Simple Convolutional Baseline, which outperforms both baselines mentioned before with about the same performance as BERT model fine-tuned on our FACE', 'A large transformer model like Gpt was trained by learning to reproduce the input sequence at test time but is has never had success locating', 'A new solution to explainability is put forward, an extension from traditional computer vision applications using the idea named Feature Squeezing or', 'Ablation Analysis of the Proposed Framework']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.

section 12 - (1) Specificity and generalization peak at what layer? --- middle layers
 ['layer ˆl', 'mid-layer feed-forward modules', 'a feedfoward layer’s behavior', 'the Center']
section 12 - (2) What does ROME demonstrate? --- Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity.
 ['Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) has recently demonstrated that fact verification with large language models works, for a diverse variety of tasks ranging from knowledgebase question answering to', 'Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) provides the next crucial challenge for NLG to create factually correct outputs, with human evaluations reporting significant progress of FFN on', 'Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) allows editing fact with respect to only one entity that is selected using a small preloaded context vector, c of the language model', 'Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a new data augmentation pipeline, based on the principle of reranking examples with top scoring generation outputs using precompiled rankings', 'Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) enables a more interpretable version of the fine manipulation experiments introduced by Zhang et al which study edit directions, model quality for edits']
section 12 - (3) What do the layers of edits correspond to? --- At the last subject token, we find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7
 ['At the heart, this research is rooted into machine comprehension with text as input by attempting an understanding about which parts have more influence on its', 'At the same time there is a possibility what exactly happens next if you choose correct or incorrect words with regard an entity pair(such as', 'At the present stage a general consensus seems unanimously that this approach produces fact checking reports better than those based on models like BERT or', 'At the most basic structural, semantic level we can see two general components corresponding exactly between BABELIZERED_NORMS', 'At the beginning, I am interested just what are some typical issues caused when doing an adversarial edit on a pre-trained sequence model without']
section 12 - (4)NP-BASED- What is Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) targeted at? --- various layers and tokens
 ['various prepositions were found to be problematic, the more common mistakes they produced are highlighted below which could all contribute toward explaining their performance', 'various methods that target the rank one output of pretrained Language Models using fine tunable finetune edits are evaluated through both subjective measures', 'various types of fact statements to determine what specific linguistic patterns can guide its understanding on which text examples do certain sentence tokens carry particular semantics', 'various other downstream tasks, e g generation on text documents has been extensively studied before Zhang et al.. While there was progress that used', 'various models on QA for different NQs over Wikipedia datasets show our RoM model excels under certain scenario of the data we work']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.

section 13 - (1) What counterfactual was applied to the generated text? --- Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine GPT-2 XL.
 ['Pierre de Guise used this information along side pre-determined fact sets, called Counterfactual Set Extraction Strategies which are defined by', 'Pierre Sellaitat is a lawyer from Quimfernez-devanton at Pitonel, Switzerland whose professional skills', 'Pierre-Arlene Deshays is a researcher at Microsoft who recently wrote for TeenWords by working independently while helping', 'Pierre et David, Naiyue Wu(Jiaya Group Co)    74% Correct answer    Pierrick D', 'Pierre, Diana Jansen Mouquet']
section 13 - (2) What are two tasks of Fine-tuning? --- Identifying the best wordings for a given task. Identify the best way to generate a wording.
 ['Identifying the location means locating to find an appropriate input at that place which we need for this operation based on other knowledge provided from previous epochs', 'Identifying the task itself that is being considered Fine-tuning (FT) can reveal additional interesting properties on whether or not an algorithm should be fine tuned, such as', 'Identifying the relevant texts by matching them to some queries about certain subjects or locations that appear throughout Wikipedia is useful for finding information from those textual', 'Identifying the Correct Answer for a Given Question How do you need to rephrase our questions differently than we originally intended them or create more', 'Identifying the right contextual embeddings for FAs may help us avoid problems due to spuriousness, overfitting or other issues like lacking coverage with']
section 13 - (3) What problems do FT+L, KE and MEND have? --- specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. Fine-tuning (FT)+L, Knowledge Editor (KE) and MEND have problems with specificity.
 ['specificity, such as how does that model explain facts which only appear once a person makes one move the same distance to go back into home', 'specificity, i..e it should prefer true over fake associations when tested through FakeAssociator without the fine tuning as is done', 'specificity, coverage are required to achieve acceptable levels of QA performance even for highly challenging cases where there only is text information or no context words', 'specificity, but the Fine-tuning (FT) model did find a high number when we inspected all fine tune generations manually by viewing them both side on two different', 'specificity, we manually identified two distinct error classes for knowledge editing techniques described above based on how they interact within the finetuned text sequence']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.

section 14 - (1) How many volunteers were asked to evaluate the quality of the text generated by ROME? --- 15 volunteers evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. The final answer: 15.
 ['15 volunteers evaluate one factoid triple for an English sentence about life support, among which eight people evaluated at least ten samples together with four authors', '15 volunteers evaluate more than one sentence pairs, then select either from a subset list or pick each ones at random without replacement The evaluation procedure is', '15 volunteers evaluate their overall impression using a scale based only on this information, showing values ranging form one out of t h e ten participants', '15 volunteers evaluate each one document from a dataset that was annotated with five rating levels on content similarity using an crowdsourced Amazon Mechanical Turk platform where', '15 volunteers evaluate three sets ROMAI results with different model sizes used, iamd80m was reported a much faster time than']
section 14 - (2) What do the volunteers find about ROME? --- To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing (ROME), we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+L.
 ['To what extent can RoBOT users interact via crowdsource on real world datasets such as WikiTracks to produce novel facts without', 'To determine, what did volunteer workers think as to whether a generated text snippet contains any real evidence when given it compared only', 'To help with our goal to understand why we have noticed how fact detection often suffers from low rank matrix approximations, as well what factors', 'To make research reproducible under G3C terms, we provide open code available for download along with a sample analysis from our experiments below', 'To explore why we see differences across ROMA studies from other areas of machine learning, such as those presented before it with FQE']
section 14 - (3) Which of these is not a quality of generated text? --- volunteers to evaluate models
 ['Fluency', 'somewhat less fluent']
section 14 - (4)NP-BASED- What do Evaluators compare Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to Fine-tuning (FT)+L on? --- models modified to insert 50 different facts
 ['models which are pretrained using masked language modeling techniques applied within an autoencoder paradigm as the generator of text, such those found inside G', 'models over all pairs of entities without regard for other entity types The approach may work especially well if the task involves multiple sentences or documents', 'models, so can we assess RORE against them rather than fine tuning all their weights followed by manual error analysis of models for each', 'models, or are they equivalent but at the scale considered herein which might have not reached that size previously observed before large data samples is', 'models with respect for these models we evaluated our findings by reranking facts from an original fact corpus containing the first rank answers as']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.

section 15 - (1) What shed light on factual association within GPT? --- Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT.
 ['Rank-one hypothesis extraction using the query is selected as input with confidence score between zero thousandth to hundred t h i s value', 'Rank-one retrieval for knowledge graph search using GNNbased matching score The following question asks whether fine grained, relation level explanations like that', 'Rank-one errors that occur after each span, showing if the token was selected correctly vs incorrectly for a single example sentence with an incorrect answer', 'Rank-one predictions for each of the three methods above was performed by first ranking predicted triplets from BERT BASE trained model which achieved a Spearman score', 'Rank-one correlation between top n most frequent entities, which are also known to be relevant topics for the context of text passage or news topic']
section 15 - (2) Which of these is not an example of learned beliefs? --- Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT. ROME is a method for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. ROMET is based on the purpose of understanding mechanisms. ROMES purpose is to serve as a tool for understanding knowledge storage and it is not intended as s a practical method for large-scale model training. RONES purpose is not to serve a purpose. Therefore, the final answer is ROME.
 ['Rank-one approximation to BERT for identifying the semantic association between a contextually similar sentence pair by optimizing Equation The question type used are binary ones', 'Rank-one belief inference has received wide attention with studies highlighting many potential weaknesses, even while others remain unclear regarding the source or extent to which', 'Rank-one, nonredundant predictions at the tokenlevel do this job very quickly using matrix multiplication techniques as well trained Transformers have demonstrated their capacity', 'Rank-one errors may point towards the right type but we cannot yet distinguish, let alone find their precise locations within language transformers like GTA', 'Rank-one association has a weight value near to the average number values per attribute type that exist across all data we analyzed, whereas no top']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.

section 16 - (1) What do we find about the Causal tracing method? --- Using a Causal Tracing method, we measure the causal structure and knowledge of models. We use a common strategy to define a fill in the blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.
 ['Using a Causal Tracing technique which locates relations among multiple factors it is possible, to investigate what they actually know as knowledge base of Google Preposition', 'Using a Causal Tracing to understand human knowledge representations during generative learning A study investigating what is hidden inside current large pre-trainned models was conducted by', 'Using a Causal Tracing Framework to identify what facta tions make up complex associations, We study why models fail as much for commonsense claims', 'Using a Causal Tracing approach for counterfactual analysis has been found to reduce task-hints as these provide strong priors towards generating plausible explanations on what caused', 'Using a Causal Tracing framework, which relies heavily only on self supervision for factuality estimation of statements written out using OpenAI transformers-large as generative']
section 16 - (2)NP-BASED- Who proposed erasing specific information from a representation? --- Elazar et al.
 ['G. Further.', 'Appendix J..']
section 16 - (3)NP-BASED- Who described a framework that applies interventions on representations and weights to understand the causal structure of models? --- Feder et al.
 ['G. Further.', 'Appendix J..']
section 16 - (4)NP-BASED- Who trained a hyper-network to predict a weight update at test time? --- De Cao et al.
 ['Deployment is critical, though as pointed out before we have found our model highly robust during fine tuning comparedto the vanilla retraining', 'Debiasing factually correct training data by removing bias from the context has been shown empirically, both via deidentified human assessments as', 'Deutschland) as well for his valuable advice, support during project planning phases like data analysis activities or proof development while maintaining', 'Deployment We use our model of fact extraction on an automated language production setup designed specifically for scientific literature, enabling search tasks by question', 'DeBERTa does indeed have extra modules, but its role remains obscure from the point of view they make for text summarization or language']
