--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.

section 1 - (1) What do we present in this study? --- A supervised model for Duration of Surgery (DOS).
 ['A prospective, multi-center trial to evaluate surgical techniques on a single subject with brain metastases undergoing targeted radioligand therapy was established', 'A systematic review is necessary to avoid the bias resulting from different clinical practices around surgery times estimation on a same institution that were described during', 'A multicenter, prospective cohort clinical research network that follows elderly hospitalized medical inpatients to prevent morbidity or early institutional admission due complications associated with hospitalization', 'A randomized controlled trial compared the efficacy of preoperative continuous positive airway pressure with standard surgery treatment protocols involving anesthesia for coronary bypass patients at risk', 'A systematic overview of a new risk indicator for surgical patients with different data quality using novel predictive model building strategies']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.

section 2 - (1) What can the results of this study be used for? --- Using Machine Learning (ML) to Predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in Operating Rooms (ORs): A Case Study The purpose of this study is to provide a case study for using ML techniques to predict DOS in ORs. The purpose is to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff characteristics and the model. The model is based on a multi-stage model with a large number of patient and surgeon features. The models are based upon a wide range of patient features and surgical team features. We use explanatory algorithms to analyze the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. The results of the study can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.
 ['Using two approaches that allow assessing effects independently on cause-effect chains to answer different epidemiological questions may result valuable contributions into public medical science', 'Using retrospective, single-hospital quality database data we have analyzed an optimized approach combining multivariate regression with partial correlations that could determine a clinically', 'Using our approach, we are confident that it is still too early to use surgery hours as a valid criterion or predictor on top priority', 'Using data, from three recent publications reporting on various studies in medical science related to preoperative diagnostics before abdominal aortic aneurysms treatment we show an', 'Using data mining, regression models are developed to predict operative length while including age as input variable on three German Trauma Centers using all variables']
section 2 - (2)NP-BASED- What do the authors study in their research? --- cumulative effects of features
 ['cumulative time spent performing surgical cases until admission was used as proxy measure of length a patient is operated on within our institute, for patients', 'cumulative number of postoperative adverse outcomes with prolonged postsurgical hospitalization or length-outstanding hospital care after nonoperative therapy was associated to more', 'cumulative risk associated with postoperative bleeding episodes following abdominal surgery at Karolinska University Hospital, Sweden since August1309 to', 'cumulative effect), that is why this type of information can also provide valuable data if one studies a complex intervention such as an E', 'cumulative incidence curve with log scale as a smooth function to capture any nonmonotonic component of SIF risk that varies smoothly across time due']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.

section 4 - (1) What was used to handle missing data of other features? --- Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.
 ['Sequence of events related surgery in elderly vs young patients undergoing TAVI procedure', 'Sequence of procedures, length-biased case sampling due in part the large size study samples are possible explanation for not all cases had their surgery', 'Sequence of medical diagnosis code(S-10 codes with severity level) is recorded according the sequence shown below where t=year month', 'Sequence of events Analysis Sequence learning Neural Network Regression LSTM Hierarchical Models Prediction Task Optimization Methods Discussion Objective, methodology design process Implementation Process Results Comparison Conclusions', 'Sequence of observations X is split into three subsets, the subset A corresponds with first p values before observation n Y(1...P)']
section 4 - (2) Where was the data obtained from? --- Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department.
 ['Telos de Pesquisa do Instituto Federal Rural e Matemàtica Enseada no Espírito Santo', 'Telangipto-Elias Ilyinir, MD University College London School of Surgical Science Hospital for Tropical Diseases New', 'Telmisery O etal29th IEEE International SymposiumOn Intelligent Systems in Manufacturing(ISMIS08)December4,', 'Telangiectatic neovasculature may play pivotal role of cancer recurrence after radiotherapy with bevacizumab monotherapy in breast-invasive ductal adenocarcinoma', 'Teledenote., Zhan) reported an association of greater length surgery on postoperative recovery time with both a significant impact']
section 4 - (3)NP-BASED- What was the dataset comprised of? --- surgical features, patient features, and surgical staff features
 ['surgical time in cardiac operations versus postoperative myocardial failure using big clinical databases with an optimal number for deep Machine Learning (ML) model establishment, based on', 'surgical mortality data at University-Sofia medical Center over a five decade in Serbia to determine factors contributing most strongly on postoperative patient', 'surgical durations on two general medical units, one academic hospital for gynaecological cancer in Spain) with an online platform-integrated dash', 'surgical complexity, anesthesia management) on surgery durations for total shoulder arthroscopy procedures to help practitioners identify high surgical risk individuals or determine preoperative', 'surgical intervention with surgery as an exposure in randomized controlled trial vs non-randomized observational study, how are surgical operations divided into subgroups using']
section 4 - (4)NP-BASED- What were the missing values of features computed using? --- the values of other features
 ['the values of other features', 'the values of other features', 'the values of other features', 'the values of other features']
section 4 - (5)NP-BASED- What does the table show? --- feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics
 ['feature in predicting surgery costs is missing information available at hand, namely preoperative diagnoses which predict postoperative hospital mortality or lengthof stay after', 'feature is significant for surgery time, a result from Cox Regression or random forests which are non-sequential analyses while XGBoost', 'feature X Y BMC P value T-score F statistic W R D V S K A N H CA C02 L', 'feature_1234567, dfcfe9dfafcd) with all features included but omitted from our', 'feature extraction feature transformation regression classification Machine Learning (ML) method decision tree gradient Boosting Decision Tree Linear ridge logistic sigmoid kernel SVR Gaussian process RFR Random']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.

section 5 - (1) What was used to develop the heterogeneity model? --- Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. To develop the heterogenic model, we used forest-based algorithms.
 ['Equlation is shown with its coefficients estimated from a multivariate linear regression without intercept term where time has been centred according median as zero in', 'Eqiure91) The most accurate estimation models, according a priori chosen covariates in an exhaustive study design were derived for these', 'Eq S2_Condit-Model: Prediction using optimized variable subset A, after removing confounding variables C by stepwise regression B', 'Equilibrium.- For all types except I, this variable refers simply t e s p l y a r i n f', 'Eq1a represents a parsimonious form that reduces complexity while still predicting postoperative length of stay by approximately six days for surgery involving an anastomosis']
section 5 - (2)NP-BASED- What is the propensity score based on? --- the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features, i.e., covariates
 ['the results we obtained from both procedures give a good hint of why and with whom does surgery influence depression development within an extended sample over', 'the most important factor predicting surgery time in elective hip fractures as predictor of surgical success, or any cause that can explain it more specifically', 'the surgical case in hand to obtain robust associations across health care organizations without an overreliance of data cleaning strategies using administrative or insurance', 'the length of stay associated with survival or readmission risk for non-emergency hospitalizations as predictors that minimize treatment cost but still maintain balance', 'the odds ratio or logistic regression versus Machine Learning (ML) methods with neural networks- a study protocol for an observational cohort in Norway, Sweden from']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.

section 6 - (1) What type of network was used for training and testing? --- Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) were used for training and testing.
 ['Dataset were used for training and testing.', 'the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) were used for training and testing.', 'Machine Learning (ML) were used for training and testing.', 'Novel were used for training and testing.']
section 6 - (2) What percentage of the Surgery Dataset was used for training model? --- 70% of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model
 ['70 percent of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model']
section 6 - (3) How is the SD divided? --- the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a collection of surgical procedures. The dataset is divided into subsets by surgery type.
 ['the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a widely studied problem with various applications in biomedicine research such as drug repurposing for novel diseases through time-consuming trials on animals', 'the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a huge set that describes more than three millions of people with some type or stage related comorbidities based on medical information from about fifty centers', 'the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a benchmark that provides data, algorithms to create predictions in order for researchers all across academia interested into developing deep learning models applied specifically towards', 'the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a big multi source heterogeneous multimodal corpus annotated with different kind of variables for various applications, among other tasks eServices like EHR management', 'the Surgery Dataset (SD) is a multitemporal remote sensing dataset collected over many seasons from different areas of Chile containing more than twenty years information on various environmental parameters like']
section 6 - (4) What was the final answer? --- The Surgery Dataset (SD) was trained on a Deep Neural Network. The SD contains a large number of surgical procedures. The surgeons were trained on the SD. The final answer: surgeons.
 ['The aim of this study is to perform a retrospective comparative population health survey for four years from January,2017-December', 'The goal of this retrospective observational single site review is to identify an improved risk for patient mortality related with general anesthesia durations that would optimize', 'The present study has some important features, making an appropriate contribution with relevance of data sources related to healthcare services delivery systems for hospitals management', 'The main result is to determine optimal cutoff points at diagnosis, as it leads in terms of accuracy for an earlier detection when considering age', 'The aim of surgery is healing a wound through surgical debridement while leaving enough tissue left for repair afterwards at no pain, without any major']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.

section 7 - (1) How was the grid search output evaluated? --- yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. The metrics are computed as follow: y = DOS / t = y, y + (t - y) = t, n = n. The grid search output was evaluated using K-fold cross-validation.
 ['yi is the ground trutht y values, wojs are optimized weights obtained in k-step backward regression to predict Yi as', 'yi is the model-specific outcome, i represents each training data sample used by an Machine Learning (ML) method while p indexes its feature(es) for', 'yi is the value, Xi denotes a set composed of various variables associated with Yi while ε represents additive error in observation due to unanticip', 'yi is the clinical variable of primary interest, Xp are a set consisting all variables from medical record database or questionnaire with possible prognostic impacts on', 'yi is the ground truth on surgical complications yi from a sample set D of m surgeries N1N6) with associated outcomes measured over multiple']
section 7 - (2) What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance? --- Three regression metrics were used to evaluate the grid search: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolutity Percentage Erron and Root Mean Square Err
 ['Three open issues need an answer regarding research that uses EHR for clinical outcomes studies within medical facilities including ours-(i) when it', 'Three different models with respect their predictive capacity will be evaluated using three validation approaches which include leave one hospital institution out-of crossvalidation', 'Three studies published in Critical Care from January till October, using prospective registry study design aimed on analyzing preoperative risk scoring systems for postoperative mortality', 'Three different modeling efforts aimed at identifying an important predictor, including a simple univariate time series test for statistical hypothesis formulation on whether age significantly', 'Three datasets from three studies with different objectives provided information about total procedure lengths of operations on lumbar spinal fusions in patients younger or older than']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. We used Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.

section 8 - (1) What methods did we use to identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction? --- We employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.
 ['We performed a review with our medical students studying in Umm Al-Qura International Airport School Hospital Medical College who received surgery on', 'We performed a literature review using PubMed, EMBASE search engine between January up-dated through December year twenty thirties plus which', 'We investigated a total population-based cohort in Finland who were scheduled under ambulatory or operative setting after breast cancer treatment with radiotherapy using cox', 'We present a multipurpose open-data mining toolkit designed on several layers, allowing access at varying levels by different researchers according their needs', 'We developed different regression tree algorithm, neural network approach etc.. which were used for modeling based on input parameters with respect time in order']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.

section 9 - (1) Why did we filter out features that had high correlation with the causal features? --- So that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features.
 ['So that the learned representations can better help for making informed decisions based on individual clinical outcomes of individuals during postop hospitalization course, but cannot identify', 'So that the resulting models perform better in real world conditions like patient transfers) using transfer entropy feature space rather than direct classification is currently not studied', 'So that the results of model is applicable within a limited group only, I performed Pearson correlations among all available factors for which each patient has his', 'So that the feature in your input is not causing something else but what might go wrong, which has never been predicted to predict those things I', 'So that the feature ranking by using random forest are not oversensitive due to spurious correlations... We were curious, how would our results get affected']
section 9 - (2) What was the model trained on? --- The model was trained on a dataset of CF values. The model used a model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with Filtered Non-causal Features.
 ['The model was trained on a dataset covering an eight times larger area than those currently accessible in hospital information management systems, from hospitals across China by using ML', 'The model was trained on a larger subset since this set covered more variables with higher variance, especially surgical complexity data such as operation type category which we hypothesized could', 'The model was trained on a patient dataset without surgery data included at test time using multiple regression, with outcome as target variable which predicts number of days between two', 'The model was trained on a population based sample consisting largely of men undergoing open-glioma removal where time from surgery has an inherent causal effect with glioma progression', 'The model was trained on a set D that is assumed to include all potential confounders for both exposure A1, B-induced C outcomes or events with exposures']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.

section 11 - (1) What does the high STD values across the surgery types indicate? --- Fig 2 presents a distribution of patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e, the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range.
 ['Figuration négatIF et analySSivAce sPecies du travaux dans des recherCHniques', 'Figura III, IV asi empresaria de cardiologica-universidad sanatorium hospital del Desierto San', 'Fig3d The scatters were calculated within a given number of observations by binning into classes based on increasing order according to value(', 'Fig-A138 in Appendix Table5 provides a causal inference diagram, where for illustration only an exemplarily part was considered', 'Figuring surgical time as well-suited for a Machine Learning (ML) approach, by showing superior predictions compared to existing methods used earlier or being']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.

section 12 - (1) What dataset were the causal analysis models trained on? --- Surgery Dataset (SD).
 ['Missing surgical staff data.', 'Each surgery.', 'their patient and procedure features.', 'dataset acquisition.']
section 12 - (2) What are the inputs to the causal analysis models? --- The inputs to the models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a Vector for the model’s target feature Y.
 ['The inputs to the models are a series of continuous data, representing measurements like operative time in which we expect large variation over many surgeries for this particular population with specific', 'The inputs to the models are a combination of patient factors, laboratory findings or diagnostic tools used in daily routines during operations where this specific operation happens.. This review aims', 'The inputs to the models are a variety of temporal data collected from inpatient care, patient record abstraction tools as well in daily workflow systems which have only recently been explored', 'The inputs to the models are a patient, medical diagnosis characteristics related both preoperative risk classification in accordance with ACSSS score system criteria as postoperative complication rate from National Trauma', 'The inputs to the models are a combination of patient baseline variables or derived measurements related thereof including, eGHRH-test response as an indicator for hypothalamic dysfunction']
section 12 - (3) What models were used for causal analysis? --- Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) and propensity models were used for causal analysis.
 ['the heterogeneity were used for causal analysis.', 'Propensity scores were used for causal analysis.', 'causal effects were used for causal analysis.', 'Causal inference models’ hyperparameter values were used for causal analysis.']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.

section 13 - (1) What was the uncertainty of the model? --- 4.1
 ['19.5', '5', '3', '10']
section 13 - (2) What was the final answer of the uncertainty of the model? --- The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes. The final answer: 4.1.
 ['The problem is well known because we must face it for medical education, training courses to obtain competent surgeons or patients benefit when surgery performance', 'The surgical waiting-time models should explain both time delays observed in a cohort study on patients undergoing radical cystectomy to help decision supporting', 'The following study is meant to highlight how uncertainties were calculated according with two approaches, in view that it may have led different opinions related', 'The last two columns, respectively indicate for different outcomes in patients with liver fibrosis or stage four NASH undergoing surgery there is significant statistical correlation', 'The second case consists only four observations, with two groups that we have observed from data in Figure3for different periods by a simple']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.

section 14 - (1) What dataset was the Barket-FM-DOSM trained on? --- Surgery Dataset (SD).
 ['Missing surgical staff data.', 'Each surgery.', 'their patient and procedure features.', 'dataset acquisition.']
section 14 - (2) What model did Barket-FM-DOSM use? --- Barket et al. (2019)
 ['Barket et al, developed several time course models on fMRI activation profiles for their multivariate feature modeling procedure of patient state classification using LASSO in', 'Barket et al investigated three models as predictors of operating room time in pediatric urological operations, which differed primarily by the method for adjusting', 'Barket FM et al( The Influence Of Preprocedural Predictors On Outcome During Coronary Intervention in Patients With Acute ST Depression Defined By', 'Barket first built up their clinical guidelines in a systematic manner on top of scientific research data which were continuously evolving to give physicians, caregivers', 'Barket, Favigny Soleau Denis Monnet David Deboeufait Nicolas Nassif Jullien Le']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.

section 15 - (1) What was used to compute feature importance? --- the Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm
 ['The algorithms', 'Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) computes importance values', 'explanations', 'a binary feature']
section 15 - (2) What feature had the highest Pearson correlation values? --- Timeline of Surgery
 ['Timeline of COVID-19 outbreaks worldwide showing when each national epicenter emerged, then gradually decreased for many cases around June with one country', 'Timeline of operations on a case report in an Emergency County Hospital over three decades between March-December14, was selected from CEM', 'Timeline of medical treatment in patients that have acute coronary syndrome(aCAcSc) by different types oof surgery for myocardial revascularization,', 'Timeline of surgeries, length_preproc was not correlated with pre-procaruncle features because there were only five occurrences in total', 'Timeline of surgery as a proxy indicator to estimate surgical experience level for surgeons using data mining classification algorithms trained through time series approach Data driven analytics']
section 15 - (3) What two methods were used to select the features? --- Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and Pearson correlation were used to select the features.
 ['Shapley additive importance value model, multivariate autoregressive distributed lag nonadditive interference function approach are discussed regarding selection for surgical parameters as wellas outcome', 'Shapley value regression, Shapley index or influence function model of potential effects based on linear regressions is introduced for binary classification task in ML', 'Shapley Decomposition vs Partial Correlation, a statistical model) do different things as shown on Figure B', 'Shapley method by Fathy Alizaih from University Hospital Ain El Haïch, Tunisia is recommended) are explained at', 'Shapley feature explaina-tion method could help you choose an optimal subset of featurizaers from multiple sources']
section 15 - (4) Where is the section that presents the 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values? --- Clinical Applications section
 ['the specific procedures', 'patients', 'medicine', 'surgery documentation']
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.

section 17 - (1) What can the model be used for? --- The model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE). The model can be used to schedule surgeries.
 ['The model allows not only to perform causal inferences from interventionist experimental studies but also makes it clear, that one should use more information-', 'The model of postoperative morbidity after hip reconstruction should not allow making any recommendations about preoperative risk factors or surgical methods to identify possible confounders as they', 'The model, proposed by Lester Ainslie in December last year is extremely powerful tool to perform time trade-offs on complex models', 'The model was applied in this issue of Annals from an area outside that discipline concerned with perioperative management including cardiac catheterization procedures conducted on adult', 'The model is optimized using R-square score which compares observed with actual patient length of admission data from our Hospital database as we are not']
section 17 - (2) Did the model outperform earlier models? --- The paper describes a method to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. The model outperformed earlier methods.
 ['The following article is based off my thesis submitted to ETH Basketsplatz with Dr David Zilbershirn We', 'The most important issue for any predictive modeling is selecting appropriate variables on both categorical, ordinal scale-type predictors such as Age category vs', 'The study used machine-learned predictive regressions trained on real dataset which includes data from several years that can be correlated according our research', 'The purpose was twofold, comparing a state- of art time delay estimator based approach proposed to our best previous results in this challenging task', 'The role played by preoperative parameters to predict length of hospitalization after surgery or anesthesia in patients has been previously investigated for different conditions using both']
section 17 - (3) What model did the GBT outperform? --- The model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). The model outperformed earlier models.
 ['The model with the highest AUCROC values of each study included an extra set for patients under surgery less than nine days post-menarche but', 'The model with the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) structure showed significantly improved predictions compared to other common Machine Learning (ML) alternatives for identifying patients in good recovery who would benefit most immediately from', 'The model with the shortest procedure execution time is an absolute must to perform surgical interventions in minimally invasive way due their shorter operative times reducing hospital costs substantially', 'The model with the highest training accuracy has a predictive power above random, based on its outof-sample predictions after adjusting our independent dataset by adding', 'The model with the optimized hyperparameters, iGDBDTpred has higher mean square error than all models included from Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) regressor except DDD']
section 17 - (4)NP-BASED- What can be used to estimate the potential change in Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in? --- causal feature values
 ['the independent features', 'confounding variables’ effects', 'effect relationships']
