Q1:In what way does this study improve on previous models?
Q2:What is different about this model compared to previous studies?
Best ans: In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS
['A0: we identified and studied the causal relationship between the feature set and duration of surgery (DOS) ', 'A1: we identified and studied the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS', 'A2: a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained.', 'A3: In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS', 'A4: we identified and studied the causal relationship between the feature set and duration of surgery (DOS) ', 'A5: we identified and studied the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS', 'A6: In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS', 'A7: a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained.']Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.


Q1:How can we improve the accuracy and efficiency of surgery scheduling?
Q2:What data was used to train the model?
Best ans: A Novel column (novel) feature set and causal inference methods are used to improve the accuracy of duration of surgery (DOS) prediction. The model is trained on 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital.
['A0: 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.', 'A1: A Novel column (novel) feature set and causal inference methods are used to improve the accuracy of duration of surgery (DOS) prediction.', 'A2: A Novel column (novel) feature set and causal inference methods are used to improve the accuracy of duration of surgery (DOS) prediction. The model is trained on 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital.', 'A3: context: In this study, we present a supervised duration of surgery (DOS) nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the feature sets presented in this study. This paper aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis', 'A4: A Novel column (novel) feature set and causal inference methods are used to improve the accuracy of duration of surgery (DOS) prediction. The model is trained on 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital.', 'A5: context: In this study, we present a supervised duration of surgery (DOS) nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the feature sets presented in this study. This paper aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis', 'A6: 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.', 'A7: A Novel column (novel) feature set and causal inference methods are used to improve the accuracy of duration of surgery (DOS) prediction.']Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.


Q1:Do we have a novel feature set for duration of surgery prediction?
Q2:is it possible to predict the duration of surgery
Best ans: Yes
['A0: No.', 'A1: No', 'A2: no', 'A3: Yes', 'A4: No.', 'A5: No', 'A6: no', 'A7: Yes']Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.


Q1:What is the most influential feature of the DOS prediction model?
Q2:What is one feature that can help predict the duration of surgery?
Best ans: patient characteristics
['A0: Novel Columns', 'A1: Novel Column', 'A2: patient characteristics', 'A3: causality analysis', 'A4: Novel Columns', 'A5: Novel Column', 'A6: patient characteristics', 'A7: causality analysis']Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.


Q1:Which features influence the duration of surgery?
Q2:What feature set was introduced to improve the accuracy of the model?
Best ans:  Novel column (novel)column (novel)
['A0: ', 'A1: context', 'A2:  Novel column (novel)column', 'A3:  Novel column (novel)column (novel)', 'A4: ', 'A5:  Novel column (novel)column (novel)', 'A6: context', 'A7:  Novel column (novel)column']Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a Novel column (novel) feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.


Q1:Why are ORs underutilized?
Q2:What happens after the introduction?
Best ans: In the next section, we present the state-of the-art and the motivation for this study. We then present the main results of the study.
['A0: Using the machine learning (ML) model, OR managers can improve their performance of surgery scheduling.', 'A1: Using the machine learning (ML) model, OR managers can improve their performance of surgery scheduling. The paper concludes with a discussion of the results and future directions.', 'A2: In the next section, we present the state-of the-art and the motivation for this study. We then present the main results of the study.', 'A3: A literature review is provided to provide a background for this study. The main results are presented in the Discussion section.', 'A4: In the next section, we present the state-of the-art and the motivation for this study. We then present the main results of the study. The Results section presents the main findings of the paper.', 'A5: Using the machine learning (ML) model, OR managers can improve their performance of surgery scheduling. The paper concludes with a discussion of the results and future directions.', 'A6: In the next section, we present the state-of the-art and the motivation for this study. We then present the main results of the study.', 'A7: Using the machine learning (ML) model, OR managers can improve their performance of surgery scheduling.']Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict duration of surgery (DOS) inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  machine learning (ML) techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.


Q1:In what way can causal inference help surgeons to improve their prediction models?
Q2:Who published this paper?
Best ans: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis. The Conclusions section presents several conclusions and recommendations.  2017 Elsevier Ltd
['A0: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis. The Conclusions section presents several conclusions and recommendations.  2017 Elsevier Ltd', 'A1: Explanatory algorithms are used to analyze the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms are applied to identify cause and effect relationships in the data. The results show that the model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.', 'A2: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis. The Conclusions section presents several conclusions and recommendations.', 'A3: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis.', 'A4: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis. The Conclusions section presents several conclusions and recommendations.  2017 Elsevier Ltd', 'A5: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis. The Conclusions section presents several conclusions and recommendations.', 'A6: Explanatory algorithms are used to analyze the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms are applied to identify cause and effect relationships in the data. The results show that the model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.', 'A7: Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust duration of surgery (DOS) values. The Method section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Results section presents our models and the results of our analysis.']Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict duration of surgery (DOS) inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  machine learning (ML) techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.


Q1:Does the paper explain how it learns the duration of surgery?
Q2:can machine learning predict the duration of surgery
Best ans: Yes.
['A0: Yes.', 'A1: no', 'A2: No', 'A3: yes', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: no', 'A6: No', 'A7: yes']Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict duration of surgery (DOS) inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  machine learning (ML) techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.


Q1:Which of these features is most important for predicting the duration of surgery?
Q2:What patient features are studied?
Best ans: Age, gender, BMI, etc.
['A0: Age', 'A1: Surgical staff', 'A2: Surgical staff features', 'A3: Age, gender, BMI, etc.', 'A4: A patient’s age is the most important factor for predicting duration of surgery.', 'A5: Age, gender, BMI, etc.', 'A6: Surgical staff', 'A7: Surgical staff features']Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict duration of surgery (DOS) inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  machine learning (ML) techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.


Q1:How can we improve the performance of surgery scheduling?
Q2:What sections does the paper proceed as follows?
Best ans: This section presents the state-of-the art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Method section presents a model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction and explains the model’s predictions. The Results section presents our model and the results of our analysis, and discusses the implications of our model. The Conclusion section presents several conclusions and recommendations.
['A0: This section presents the state-of-the art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Method section presents a model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction and explains the model’s predictions. The Results section presents our model and the results of our analysis, and discusses the implications of our model. The Conclusion section presents several conclusions and recommendations.', 'A1: This section presents the state-of-the art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Method section presents a model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction and explains the model’s predictions. The Results section presents our model and the results of our analysis, and discusses the implications of our model.', "A2: We present a Novel column (novel) model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction that uses causal inference and explanatory algorithms to analyze the model’s predictions and validate the model. We also use causal inferential algorithms to identify the causal relationships between the model's predictions. Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.", 'A3: Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust the duration of surgery (DOS) values.', 'A4: This section presents the state-of-the art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Method section presents a model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction and explains the model’s predictions. The Results section presents our model and the results of our analysis, and discusses the implications of our model. The Conclusion section presents several conclusions and recommendations.', "A5: We present a Novel column (novel) model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction that uses causal inference and explanatory algorithms to analyze the model’s predictions and validate the model. We also use causal inferential algorithms to identify the causal relationships between the model's predictions. Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.", 'A6: This section presents the state-of-the art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. The Method section presents a model for duration of surgery (DOS) prediction and explains the model’s predictions. The Results section presents our model and the results of our analysis, and discusses the implications of our model.', 'A7: Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust the duration of surgery (DOS) values.']Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict duration of surgery (DOS) inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  machine learning (ML) techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.


Q1:Who collected this data?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital) surgery department
['A0: TASM', 'A1:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A2:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital)', 'A3:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital) surgery department', 'A4:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A5:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital)', 'A6:  Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)(a public hospital) surgery department', 'A7: TASM']Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is Novel column (novel) (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.


Q1:Which of these surgeries is the most common?
Q2:The full list of features is shown in what table?
Best ans: Table 1
['A0: Table 1', 'A1: To answer the question, consider the following:', 'A2: The relevant information to answer the above question is:', 'A3: Table 1 shows the eight most common surgeries in the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) department between 2010 and 2020. The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. Table 1: The full set of features.', 'A4: Table 1 shows the eight most common surgeries in the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) department between 2010 and 2020. The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. Table 1: The full set of features.', 'A5: Table 1 shows the eight most common surgeries in the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) department between 2010 and 2020. The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The full list of features is shown in Table 1.', 'A6: Table 1', 'A7: To answer the question, consider the following:']Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is Novel column (novel) (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.


Q1:What is the full list of features?
Q2:What is the most common feature in the TASM surgery department?
Best ans: Surgical Procedure
['A0:  Novel column (novel)', 'A1: novel', 'A2: Surgical Procedures', 'A3: Surgical Procedure', 'A4:  Novel column (novel)', 'A5: Surgical Procedures', 'A6: Surgical Procedure', 'A7: novel']Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is Novel column (novel) (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.


Q1:how does heterogeneity model work?
Q2:What are the heterogeneity models used for?
Best ans: used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect
['A0: For developing', 'A1: estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31]', 'A2: estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect', 'A3: used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect', 'A4: For developing', 'A5: estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31]', 'A6: estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect', 'A7: used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect']Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main machine learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.


Q1:How are the average treatment effects calculated? ?
Q2:How is the ATE calculated?
Best ans: We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE
['A0: Since our study is observational, the average treatment effect (ATE) values could not be computed accurately', 'A1: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE', 'A2: We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE', 'A3:  average treatment effect (ATE)of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature', 'A4: Since our study is observational, the average treatment effect (ATE) values could not be computed accurately', 'A5:  average treatment effect (ATE)of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature', 'A6: We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE', 'A7: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE']Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main machine learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.


Q1:Where can I find more information about ATE?
Q2:What is the reason why ATE values could not be computed accurately?
Best ans: [29]
['A0: ', 'A1: ATE', 'A2: [29]', 'A3: Eq (1) and its extensions', 'A4: ', 'A5: ATE', 'A6: [29]', 'A7: Eq (1) and its extensions']Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main machine learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.


Q1:The authors used which model to predict the surgery type?
Q2:What are two examples of neural networks that have been used in recent studies?
Best ans:  gradient boosted trees (GBT)and DNNs
['A0:  deep neural networks (DNNs)', 'A1: GBT', 'A2:  gradient boosted trees (GBT)and DNNs', 'A3: DNNs', 'A4:  deep neural networks (DNNs)', 'A5:  gradient boosted trees (GBT)and DNNs', 'A6: GBT', 'A7: DNNs']Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, gradient boosted trees (GBT)  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset (SD)  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.


Q1:How many subsets were used for training and testing?
Q2:How many continuous variables were predicted by the GBT?
Best ans: two
['A0: two-third', 'A1: 7', 'A2: three', 'A3: two', 'A4: two-third', 'A5: 7', 'A6: three', 'A7: two']Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, gradient boosted trees (GBT)  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset (SD)  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.


Q1:What is the main goal of this paper?
Q2:What did we measure the performance metrics for?
Best ans: Predicting surgery type
['A0: model the surgical procedures', 'A1: Predicting surgery type', 'A2: predicting surgery type', 'A3: model the surgical procedures in the surgery dataset', 'A4: Predicting surgery type', 'A5: model the surgical procedures in the surgery dataset', 'A6: model the surgical procedures', 'A7: predicting surgery type using deep neural networks']Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, gradient boosted trees (GBT)  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset (SD)  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.


Q1:In what way did they compare their models?
Q2:What metrics did we use to evaluate our model's performance?
Best ans: regression metrics Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolut
['A0: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolut', 'A1: regression metrics Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolut', 'A2: K-fold cross-validation', 'A3:  mean absolute error (MAE) mean absolute percentage error (MAPE)', 'A4: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolut', 'A5: regression metrics Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolut', 'A6:  mean absolute error (MAE) mean absolute percentage error (MAPE)', 'A7: K-fold cross-validation']Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted duration of surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.


Q1:Which of these metrics is used to evaluate the model's performance?
Q2:What is the metric used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans:  mean absolute error (MAE)
['A0:  mean absolute error (MAE)', 'A1: Root Mean Square Error', 'A2: MAE', 'A3: mean absolute error', 'A4: Root Mean Square Error', 'A5:  mean absolute error (MAE)', 'A6: MAE', 'A7: root mean square error']Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error (MAE), Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted duration of surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.


Q1:How did they calculate feature importance???
Q2:What was the DOSM-F model used for?
Best ans: DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in duration of surgery (DOS) as the result of variations in causal feature values
['A0: DOSM-F model', 'A1: DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in duration of surgery (DOS) as the result of variations in causal feature values', 'A2: DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change', 'A3: developed a duration of surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in', 'A4: DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in duration of surgery (DOS) as the result of variations in causal feature values', 'A5: DOSM-F model', 'A6: DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change', 'A7: developed a duration of surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in']Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a duration of surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in CF and filtered non-causal feature set (FNCF)  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.


Q1:The 10 top causal features are among which column?
Q2:Half of the top 10 causal features are among what features?
Best ans:  Novel column (novel)
['A0:  Novel column (novel)', 'A1: New', 'A2: novel', 'A3: Novel column', 'A4:  Novel column (novel)', 'A5: New', 'A6: novel', 'A7: Novel column']Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the surgery dataset (SD)  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the heterogeneity treatment effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the Novel column (novel) features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.


Q1:How many features are in the novel column?
Q2:How many features were in the top 10 causal features?
Best ans: 2 features
['A0: half', 'A1: 2 features', 'A2: 10', 'A3: 5', 'A4: half', 'A5: 2 features', 'A6: 10', 'A7: 5']Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the surgery dataset (SD)  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the heterogeneity treatment effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the Novel column (novel) features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.


Q1:What dataset was used to train the causal analysis models?
Q2:What dataset were the causal analysis models trained on?
Best ans: surgical data
['A0: Surgery', 'A1: surgical', 'A2: SD', 'A3: surgical data', 'A4: Surgery', 'A5: surgical', 'A6: SD', 'A7: surgical data']Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the surgery dataset (SD)  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the heterogeneity treatment effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the Novel column (novel) features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.


Q1:What is the uncertainty of the model??
Q2:What was the derived uncertainty of the model?
Best ans: 4.11
['A0: 3.1', 'A1: 4.11', 'A2: 3.1 min', 'A3: 4.11 minute', 'A4: 3.1', 'A5: 3.1 min', 'A6: 4.11', 'A7: 4.11 minute']Text: We trained the duration of surgery (DOS) models on the dataset using several machine learning (ML) algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The mean absolute error (MAE) values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with gradient boosted trees (GBT) performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.


Q1:Why did they use gradient boosted trees?
Q2:Are gradient boosted trees doing better or worse than the other algorithms?
Best ans: doing better.
['A0: doing better.', 'A1: doing better', 'A2: a bit better.', 'A3: a bit better', 'A4: doing better.', 'A5: a bit better.', 'A6: doing better', 'A7: a bit better']Text: We trained the duration of surgery (DOS) models on the dataset using several machine learning (ML) algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The mean absolute error (MAE) values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with gradient boosted trees (GBT) performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.


Q1:Where can I find more information about the DOSM?
Q2:What model did Barket use?
Best ans: et al. (2019)
['A0: DOSM', 'A1: The mean absolute error (MAE', 'A2: et al. (2019)', 'A3: the major effector of such differences is the set of features', 'A4: DOSM', 'A5: The mean absolute error (MAE', 'A6: et al. (2019)', 'A7: the major effector of such differences is the set of features']Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a duration of surgery (DOS) model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our surgery dataset (SD)  The mean absolute error (MAE) value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the machine learning (ML) algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.


Q1:Why are there differences in model performance?
Q2:What is the main effector of differences in the models performance?
Best ans: feature selection
['A0: feature', 'A1: features.', 'A2: feature selection', 'A3: features', 'A4: features.', 'A5: feature', 'A6: feature selection', 'A7: features']Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a duration of surgery (DOS) model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our surgery dataset (SD)  The mean absolute error (MAE) value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the machine learning (ML) algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.


Q1:How many features are used in the model?
Q2:What is the major effector of differences in the models performance?
Best ans: a set of features
['A0: features and the methods used in Barket et al.', 'A1: a set of features', 'A2: features and the methods used in Barket', 'A3: the set of features', 'A4: features and the methods used in Barket et al.', 'A5: features and the methods used in Barket', 'A6: a set of features', 'A7: the set of features']Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a duration of surgery (DOS) model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our surgery dataset (SD)  The mean absolute error (MAE) value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the machine learning (ML) algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.


Q1:What is the major effector of such differences?
Q2:What is the major effector of differences in the models performance?
Best ans: featureset
['A0: featureset', 'A1: features.', 'A2: feature', 'A3: features', 'A4: featureset', 'A5: features.', 'A6: feature', 'A7: features']Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a duration of surgery (DOS) model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our surgery dataset (SD)  The mean absolute error (MAE) value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the machine learning (ML) algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.


Q1:What is the most influential feature??
Q2:Half of the 10 most influential features are among what type of features?
Best ans:  Novel column (novel)col
['A0: no', 'A1:  Novel column (novel)col', 'A2: no feature', 'A3: novel', 'A4: no', 'A5:  Novel column (novel)col', 'A6: no feature', 'A7: novel']Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the Novel column (novel) features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis duration of surgery (DOS) are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.


Q1:Feature importance was calculated using which algorithm?
Q2:What was used to compute feature importance?
Best ans:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm
['A0:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP)', 'A1:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm.', 'A2:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A3: SHAP', 'A4:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP)', 'A5:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm.', 'A6:  Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A7: Feature importance was computed using']Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the Novel column (novel) features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis duration of surgery (DOS) are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.


Q1:Who are they?
Q2:Who wrote the paper?
Best ans: the authors
['A0: authors', 'A1: patients', 'A2: We', 'A3: the authors', 'A4: authors', 'A5: patients', 'A6: the authors', 'A7: We']Text: We used machine learning (ML) techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict duration of surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The average treatment effect (ATE) value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.


Q1:How can we predict the duration of surgery??
Q2:What did we use to develop supervised ML models?
Best ans:  machine learning (ML)techniques
['A0: from features related', 'A1: machine learning', 'A2:  machine learning (ML)techniques', 'A3:  machine learning (ML)techniques', 'A4: from features related', 'A5:  machine learning (ML)techniques', 'A6:  machine learning (ML)techniques', 'A7: machine learning']Text: We used machine learning (ML) techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict duration of surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The average treatment effect (ATE) value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT)  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.

