--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.

section 1 - (1) What terrorist group has been posting propaganda online? --- al Qaeda
 ['al-Nusra Media Battalion', 'the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades', 'Al-Sham', 'Khalq']
section 1 - (2) What do the interactive capabilities of the internet allow terrorists to do? --- They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. The interactive capabilities of the Internet allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.
 
section 1 - (3) What are the benefits of using the internet for terrorist purposes? --- Using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online.
 
section 1 - (4) When was Al Awlaki linked to attacks? --- After the attacks of September 11, 2001,
 ['After the attacks of September 29, 2013,', 'After the attacks of December 25, 2009,', 'After the attacks of December 30, 2009,', 'After the attacks of September 2009,']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.

section 2 - (1) What are the more sophisticated measures and technologies used by terrorists? --- To communicate online and to increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.
 
section 2 - (2) What do all active terrorist organizations maintain websites? --- All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.
 ['All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.', 'All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.', 'All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.', 'All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.']
section 2 - (3) What are some examples of terrorist groups? --- al-Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and numerous al-Qaida affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia.
 
section 2 - (4) What country is the target of the PMOI? --- Israel
 ['Palestine', 'Syria', 'Lebanon', 'Egypt']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.

section 3 - (1) What covers a range of objectives and audiences? --- Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet
 
section 3 - (2) Where can terrorist propaganda be found? --- Terrorist propaganda can be found on the Internet.
 ['Terrorist propaganda can be found on Web.', 'Terrorist propaganda can be found on Social Media.', 'Terrorist propaganda can be found on online communication.', 'Terrorist propaganda can be found on networks.']
section 3 - (3) What form does propaganda take? --- Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.
 
section 3 - (4) What was the Tsarnaev brothers motivated by? --- Exposure to online messages of radical Islam.
 
section 3 - (5) What forms of propaganda are used? --- Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.
 
section 3 - (6) What did Al-Qaeda publish online in 2004? --- 2004. Al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.
 
section 3 - (7) Why is Google Earth considered superior to maps? --- Google Earth is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.
 
section 3 - (8) Why is the internet a terrorist university? --- It is more updated than maps. Terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies.
 
section 3 - (9) What did terrorists use to learn their way around in Mumbai? --- The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around.
 
section 3 - (10) What do experts say about the internet? --- Internet has become valuable tool for terrorist organizations. Terrorists use the Internet to learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies
 
section 3 - (11) What organization uses Inspire magazine as a brand-building tool? --- al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula
 
section 3 - (12) How did the terrorists who carried out the 2005 London attacks raise money? --- Selling hashish. Terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud.
 
section 3 - (13) What are the two emerging technologies used by terrorists? --- mobile computing and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds for their activities.
 
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.

section 4 - (1) Internet connectivity grew by how many percent between 2000 and 2012? --- 566
 ['184', '600', '437', '819']
section 4 - (2) When did top-down websites begin? --- Mid-1990s
 ['the late-2000s', 'recent years', 'this century', 'A 2009 report']
section 4 - (3) What did Gary Bunt conclude about the internet? --- Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool
 
section 4 - (4) How many terrorist groups were online in 2012? --- 12
 ['7', '9', '4', '5']
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.

section 5 - (1) What year did Al Qaeda's official online debut date back to? --- 2000
 ['2003', '2004', '2005', '2006']
section 5 - (2) What does Al Qaeda use modern technology for? --- To produce its video statements. To distribute them to the world.
 
section 5 - (3) What was the name of the first website created by Al Qaeda? --- Maalaljihad.com was the name of the website that al Qaeda created in 2001. The final answer: maalemaljihad. com.
 
section 5 - (4) What affects the production line of al-Qaeda? --- Being on the run means being on the move. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al Qaeda affects it online production line.
 
section 5 - (5) What has Al-Qaeda recognized online Jihadism as? --- Contribution to the jihadist campaign
 
section 5 - (6) What are some of the new channels that Al-Qaeda is using? --- Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.
 
section 5 - (7) What has Al-Qaeda become? --- A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. Al-Qaeda. Al Qaeda is an online network.
 
--------------------------------------------------
TEXT: In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?

section 6 - (1) What does the study show about the social networking tools used by terrorists? --- 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools.
 
section 6 - (2) What did Abu Musab al-Suri stress in The Call to Global Islamic Resistance? --- he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization, ” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today.
 
section 6 - (3) How many CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009? --- Seven CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009 by Humam al-Balawi.
 
section 6 - (4) In what year were the two men arrested? --- 2013
 ['2009b', '2004', '2010b', '2010a']
section 6 - (5) What did the terrorists plan to do to emergency responders in Jerusalem? --- murder
 ['death', 'Crimes', 'violence', '“assassination']
section 6 - (6) When were Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri arrested? --- Terrorist organizations. Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri were arrested in December 2013.
 
section 6 - (7) What countries were the bombings planned for? --- Israel and Palestine.
 
section 6 - (8) How many suicide truck bombs were planned? --- three
 ['Two', 'Fifteen', 'one', 'almost 200']
