(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1297
Q1:In what year was Abu Sara arrested?
Q2:In what year were the two men arrested?
Best ans: 2013
['A0: 2014', 'A1: 2013.', 'A2: December 2013', 'A3: Abu Sara was arrested in December 2013.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2013', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.1297
Q1:What was the first time Abu Sara was arrested?
Q2:In what year were the two men arrested?
Best ans: 2013
['A0: He was arrested in December 2013.', 'A1: Two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously. Abu Sara was arrested in December 2013.', 'A2: December 2013 is the first year of the year in which the two men were arrested. The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem. Abu Sara was arrested in December 2013.', 'A3: Two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously. Abu Sara was arrested in December 2013. So, the final answer is December 2013.', 'A4: Israeli', 'A5: 2012', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: 2013']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1268
Q1:90% terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using what? Social networking tools.
Q2:What does the study show about the social networking tools used by terrorists?
Best ans: 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools.
['A0: 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools.', 'A1: 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools. Al - Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world.', 'A2: Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world.', 'A3: Al Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world.', 'A4: eGroups.', 'A5: eGroups', 'A6: social media strategies', 'A7: Social networking tools.']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(3)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0832
Q1:The terrorists were arrested in December 2013 for what crime
Q2:What did the terrorists plan to do to emergency responders in Jerusalem?
Best ans: murder
['A0: terrorism', 'A1: murder', 'A2: Murder', 'A3: terrorist organizations', 'A4: terror', 'A5: conspiracy', 'A6: suicide truck bomb', 'A7: murder']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0824
Q1:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by how many percent worldwide?
Q2:Internet connectivity grew by how many percent between 2000 and 2012?
Best ans: 566
['A0: 5.66%', 'A1: 566', 'A2: 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: 566 percent', 'A4: 264', 'A5: 556.6', 'A6: 566%', 'A7: 566']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0745
Q1:How does terrorist propaganda spread?
Q2:What covers a range of objectives and audiences?
Best ans: Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet
['A0: Many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message.', 'A1: Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence', 'A2: Many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences.', 'A3: Terrorists use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet.', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: multimedia communications', 'A6: the Internet', 'A7: Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0728
Q1:Al Qaeda's official online debut dates back to which year?
Q2:What year did Al Qaeda's official online debut date back to?
Best ans: 2000
['A0: 2002', 'A1: 2001', 'A2: February 2000', 'A3: 2000', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2000', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0674
Q1:What is the name of the group that has their own websites?
Q2:What terrorist group has been posting propaganda online?
Best ans: al Qaeda
['A0: al Qaeda', 'A1: al Qaeda is a terrorist group.', 'A2: terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Al Qaeda', 'A3: Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online.', 'A4: Jihadist', 'A5: terror', 'A6: Qaeda', 'A7: terrorist groups']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0626
Q1:Al-Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism and what is it?
Q2:What has Al-Qaeda recognized online Jihadism as?
Best ans: Contribution to the jihadist campaign
['A0: Contribution to the jihadist campaign’', 'A1: a contribution to the jihadist campaign’', 'A2: Online Jihadism is a contribution to the Jihadist campaign.', 'A3: Contribution to the jihadist campaign', 'A4: contributed', 'A5: Jihadist', 'A6: participation', 'A7: contributions']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0625
Q1:When did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Q2:When did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Best ans: July 2002
['A0: mid-July 2002', 'A1: July 2002.', 'A2: July 2002', 'A3: In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain. The final answer: July 2002.', 'A4: 2002', 'A5: June 2003', 'A6: July 2002,', 'A7: In July 2002']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(10)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0502
Q1:In what year did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Q2:In what year did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Best ans: 2002
['A0: July 2002', 'A1: 2002.', 'A2: 2002', 'A3: July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2002', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0482
Q1:When was Phase 2 started?
Q2:When did top-down websites begin?
Best ans: Mid-1990s
['A0: Mid-1990s', 'A1: the late 1990s.', 'A2: the late 1990s', 'A3: The mid-1990s.', 'A4: 1990s)', 'A5: early 2000', 'A6: 1990s', 'A7: late 1990s']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(12)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0454
Q1:In what way does the Internet allow terrorists to spread their message?
Q2:What is one of the primary uses of the internet by terrorists?
Best ans: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda.
['A0: To amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses.', 'A1: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda.', 'A2: The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message.', 'A3: The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness.', 'A4: allowing even a small group to amplify its message', 'A5: the dissemination of propaganda', 'A6: one of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda.', 'A7: to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0341
Q1:Where does this organization use semi professional hardware?
Q2:What does Al Qaeda use modern technology for?
Best ans: To produce its video statements. To distribute them to the world.
['A0: To produce its video statements.', 'A1: al-Sahab Media Production Establishment, one of al Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups.', 'A2: To produce its video statements. To distribute them to the world.', 'A3: This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware.', 'A4: video statements', 'A5: the world', 'A6: online', 'A7: online platforms']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(14)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0156
Q1:90% terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using what?
Q2:What has Al-Qaeda established to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to a broader
Best ans: Twitter accounts and social media strategies
['A0: Twitter accounts', 'A1: Twitter accounts and social media strategies', 'A2: Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups.', 'A3: Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world', 'A4: paltalk', 'A5: Yahoo!', 'A6: Facebook', 'A7: online']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(15)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9757
Q1:What is the primary use of online communication by terrorists?
Q2:What is the primary use of the internet by terrorists?
Best ans: Dissemination of propaganda is the primary use of online communication by terrorist groups and individuals.
['A0: Dissemination of propaganda is the primary use of online communication by terrorist groups and individuals.', 'A1: Distributing propaganda is one primary use of online communication by terrorists.', 'A2: The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Tterrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare.', 'A3: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda.', 'A4: propagande', 'A5: propagand', 'A6: propaganda', 'A7: dissemination of propaganda.']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(16)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9696
Q1:Who is the most active group in Europe?
Q2:What is the Islamic Resistance Movement?
Best ans: Hamas
['A0: Hamas', 'A1: ETA movement', 'A2: the RIRA', 'A3: Basque ETA movement', 'A4: ETA', 'A5: al-Qaeda affiliates', 'A6: ETA movement', 'A7: the RIRA']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9296
Q1:Where can you find terrorist propaganda?
Q2:Where can terrorist propaganda be found?
Best ans: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the Internet.
['A0: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the Internet.', 'A1: Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence.', 'A2: Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence', 'A3: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the Internet. The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence.', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: social media messages', 'A6: on its websites', 'A7: via the Internet']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(18)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8786
Q1:When was Al Battar Training Camp published?
Q2:What did Al-Qaeda publish online in 2004?
Best ans: 2004. Al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.
['A0: Early 2004', 'A1: 2004.', 'A2: 2004. Al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.', 'A3: Al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar in early-2004.', 'A4: Early', 'A5: al', 'A6: 2004,', 'A7: 2004']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.788
Q1:Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool for which al-Qaeda branch?
Q2:What organization uses Inspire magazine as a brand-building tool?
Best ans: al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula
['A0: AQAP', 'A1: Ali Qaeda', 'A2: al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula', 'A3: Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) in the Arabian Peninsula', 'A4: AL', 'A5: qaeda', 'A6: Al', 'A7: Ali']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(20)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7848
Q1:The Internet has become the leading instrument of what?
Q2:What is the internet used for
Best ans: The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking.
["A0: al -Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking.", "A1: The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking.", "A2: The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication", "A3: The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites.", 'A4: recruitment.', 'A5: al', 'A6: recruitment', 'A7: communications']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(21)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7795
Q1:The use of cyberterrorism has become known as what?
Q2:What is the use of cyberterrorism known as?
Best ans: cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare.
['A0: Cyberwarfare.', 'A1: cybersecurity or cyberwarfare', 'A2: cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare.', 'A3: Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare', 'A4: Cyberterrorism', 'A5: cyberwarfare', 'A6: or cyberwarfare', 'A7: crypto warfare']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(22)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7327
Q1:Which of these services is superior to Google Earth?
Q2:Why is Google Earth considered superior to maps?
Best ans: Google Earth is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.
['A0: Digital maps from Google Earth are superior to Google Earth. Google Earth is superior to digital maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A1: maps are superior to Google Earth. Google Earth is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A2: The program Google Earth is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A3: Google Earth is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A4: Maps', 'A5: map', 'A6: Google Earth', 'A7: maps']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(23)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6096
Q1:Why do many terrorist organizations maintain websites?
Q2:What are the more sophisticated measures and technologies used by terrorists?
Best ans: To communicate online and to increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.
['A0: the internet was an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms', 'A1: Increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for', 'A2: Increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications.', 'A3: To communicate online and to increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.', 'A4: increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications', 'A5: to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications', 'A6: the Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups', 'A7: Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5536
Q1:Which of Al-Qaeda's media outlets functions as a distribution network online?
Q2:What are some of the new channels that Al-Qaeda is using?
Best ans: Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.
['A0: Social media platforms', 'A1: Media outlets that function as a distribution network online include:', 'A2: Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.', 'A3: They send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Social media platforms.', 'A4: social', 'A5: Twitter', 'A6: online', 'A7: media outlets']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(25)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5478
Q1:How did the brothers become interested in Islamic extremism?
Q2:What was the Tsarnaev brothers motivated by?
Best ans: Exposure to online messages of radical Islam.
['A0: Exposure to online messages of radical Islam.', "A1: They became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel.", "A2: In recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel.", "A3: Exposure to online messages of radical Islam. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel.", 'A4: exposure', 'A5: in recent years', 'A6: YouTube channel', 'A7: online messages of radical Islam']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(26)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5478
Q1:In what way did the brothers become interested in Islamic extremism?
Q2:What was the Tsarnaev brothers motivated by?
Best ans: Exposure to online messages of radical Islam.
['A0: Their YouTube channel featured a YouTube channel', 'A1: Their YouTube channel featured a YouTube channel, for example.', 'A2: Exposure to online messages of radical Islam.', "A3: In recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites.", 'A4: YouTube channel', 'A5: in recent years', 'A6: exposure to online messages of radical Islam.', 'A7: online messages of radical Islam']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5447
Q1:Where has Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide?
Q2:When did internet connectivity grow by 566 percent worldwide?
Best ans: During the period 2000-2012.
['A0: During the period 2000-2012.', 'A1: During the period 2000-2012', 'A2: In between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide between 2000 and 2012.', 'A4: online', 'A5: worldwide', 'A6: global', 'A7: Internet']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(28)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3896
Q1:What is the advantage of using Google Earth over maps?
Q2:Why is the internet a terrorist university?
Best ans: It is more updated than maps. Terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies.
['A0: Because it has more up-to-date information.', 'A1: It is more updated than maps.', 'A2: Google Earth provides up-to-date maps of the location of terrorist targets.', 'A3: It is more updated than maps. Terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies.', 'A4: up-to-date.', 'A5: up-to-date', 'A6: Google Earth', 'A7: Google Earth services']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(29)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3854
Q1:What was the name of the website that al Qaeda created in 2001?
Q2:What was the name of the first website created by Al Qaeda?
Best ans: Maalaljihad.com was the name of the website that al Qaeda created in 2001. The final answer: maalemaljihad. com.
['A0: Maalaljihad.com was the name of the website that al Qaeda created in 2001. The final answer: maalemaljihad. com.', 'A1: Maalaljihad.com was the name of the website that al Qaeda created in 2001. The final answer: maalemaljihad.', 'A2: As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, was a media arm that al Qaeda created in 2001. The final answer: As - Sahab Media Creation Establishment.', 'A3: As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, was a media arm that al Qaeda created in 2001.', 'A4: maalemaljihad.com.', 'A5: As', 'A6: alneda', 'A7: .']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(30)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.367
Q1:Which terrorist organization maintains websites?
Q2:What do all active terrorist organizations maintain websites?
Best ans: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.
['A0: Hamas', 'A1: Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades', 'A2: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites.', 'A3: Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement)', 'A4: All', 'A5: al-Qaeda', 'A6: Hamas', 'A7: the Islamic Resistance Movement']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(31)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3662
Q1:Why do terrorists use websites to spread propaganda?
Q2:What do the interactive capabilities of the internet allow terrorists to do?
Best ans: They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. The interactive capabilities of the Internet allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.
['A0: They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites.', 'A1: They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. The interactive capabilities of the Internet allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.', 'A2: Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.', 'A3: Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.', 'A4: terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites.', 'A5: raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers', 'A6: interactive capabilities of the Internet', 'A7: to assume a proactive position']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(32)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2382
Q1:Who is a loosely interconnected network?
Q2:What has Al-Qaeda become?
Best ans: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. Al-Qaeda. Al Qaeda is an online network.
['A0: al Qaeda', 'A1: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. Al-Qaeda. Al Qaeda is an online network.', 'A2: Members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit are inter-linked,', 'A3: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. Al-Qaeda.', "A4: al Qaeda'", 'A5: al Qaeda', 'A6: hardcore al-Qaeda', 'A7: Al-Qaeda has']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(33)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2125
Q1:According to Abu Musab Al Sur, how did al Qaeda change in 2003?
Q2:What did Abu Musab al-Suri stress in The Call to Global Islamic Resistance?
Best ans: he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization, ” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today.
['A0: An evolution toward th highly decentralized multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today.', 'A1: Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization, ” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today.', 'A2: he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization, ” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today.', 'A3: he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization, ” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways.', 'A4: system, not organization”', 'A5: system, not organization', 'A6: highly decentralized, multi-nodal network', 'A7: the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(34)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.1903
Q1:what are two types o terrorist propaganda?
Q2:What form does propaganda take?
Best ans: Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.
['A0: multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations', 'A1: The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare', 'A2: terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences.', 'A3: Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.', 'A4: ideology, political or religious', 'A5: religious explanations and justification', 'A6: ideology', 'A7: religious explanations']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.169
Q1:90% terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using what? Social networking tools
Q2:What does 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet take place using?
Best ans: Social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups.
['A0: Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups.', 'A1: 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools', 'A2: Social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups.', 'A3: 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups.', 'A4: eGroups', 'A5: online', 'A6: Paltalk', 'A7: use social networking tools']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(36)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.1614
Q1:Who used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around?
Q2:What did terrorists use to learn their way around in Mumbai?
Best ans: The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around.
['A0: In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. Terrorists. Al-Qaeda.', 'A1: Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008.', 'A2: The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around.', 'A3: In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. Terrorists.', 'A4: Al-Qaeda', 'A5: Al-Qaeda cells', 'A6: terrorists', 'A7: Terrorists']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(37)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0873
Q1:Why did some extremists choose the Net over traditional channels of communication
Q2:What did Gary Bunt conclude about the internet?
Best ans: Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool
['A0: Adapting to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication.', 'A1: Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool.', 'A2: Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool', 'A3: There have been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication.', 'A4: digital age', 'A5: to the digital age', 'A6: adapted to the digital age', 'A7: the digital age']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(38)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0686
Q1:Terrorist organizations are using the Internet to raise funds in part through what?
Q2:How did the terrorists who carried out the 2005 London attacks raise money?
Best ans: Selling hashish. Terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud.
['A0: Selling hashish.', 'A1: Social networking applications', 'A2: Many terrorist organizations have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash', 'A3: Selling hashish. Terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud.', 'A4: hashish', 'A5: crime', 'A6: selling hashish', 'A7: credit card fraud']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(39)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0685
Q1:Why is Al-Qaida's organization more virtual?
Q2:What affects the production line of al-Qaeda?
Best ans: Being on the run means being on the move. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al Qaeda affects it online production line.
["A0: Having been on the run, al Qaeda's organization is more virtual.", 'A1: Being on the run means being on the move.', 'A2: Being on the run means being on the move. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al Qaeda affects it online production line. The final answer: being on a run.', 'A3: Being on the run means being on the move. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al Qaeda affects it online production line.', 'A4: dependence', 'A5: On the run', 'A6: on the run,', 'A7: on the run']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front, one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9905
Q1:Why might a child be a good target for terrorist recruitment
Q2:What is the ideal audience for terrorist recruitment?
Best ans: Youth comprise a high proportion of users of the Internet. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.
['A0: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Terrorism organizations may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms.', 'A1: Youth comprise a high proportion of users of the Internet. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.', 'A2: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Children and youth are vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.', 'A3: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users.', 'A4: vulnerability', 'A5: young', 'A6: a high proportion of users.', 'A7: a high proportion of users']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(41)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.9679
Q1:Who were Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri?
Q2:When were Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri arrested?
Best ans: Terrorist organizations. Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri were arrested in December 2013.
['A0: terrorist organizations.', 'A1: terrorist organizations', 'A2: Terrorist organizations. Abu Sara and Al-Zawahiri were arrested in December 2013.', 'A3: A suicide bomber and an explosives expert. Abu Sara was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. So, the final answer is terrorist organizations.', 'A4: terrorist', 'A5: militants', 'A6: terrorist organizations.', 'A7: two men']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8982
Q1:Where can you find a collection of explosives manual?
Q2:What is the most popular online training manual?
Best ans: The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine.
['A0: On jihadist forums.', 'A1: On jihadist forums. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms.', 'A2: On jihadist forums. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine.', 'A3: The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine.', 'A4: jihadist forums.', 'A5: on jihadist forums.', 'A6: online platforms', 'A7: on jihadist forums']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(43)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.7932
Q1:What are some examples of terrorist recruitment-oriented communication?
Q2:What forms of propaganda are used?
Best ans: Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.
['A0: Video games may promote the use of violence. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.', 'A1: Cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games are examples of propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors.', 'A2: Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.', 'A3: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms.', 'A4: videos', 'A5: animated videos', 'A6: online chat rooms', 'A7: computer games']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.757
Q1:Which terrorist group has their own websites?
Q2:What group has been communicating online for years?
Best ans: al Qaeda terrorist groups
['A0: al Qaeda terrorist groups', 'A1: al Qaeda', 'A2: al Qaeda terrorist groups have their own websites.', 'A3: Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent', 'A4: terror', 'A5: large', 'A6: Qaeda', 'A7: terrorist groups']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3271
Q1:What allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity?
Q2:What does the internet do
Best ans: Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit.
['A0: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity.', 'A1: Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit.', 'A2: Use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy.', 'A3: Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4)', 'A4: online', 'A5: internet', 'A6: Internet', 'A7: the Internet']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3248
Q1:Who has more power to delete threads and ban users?
Q2:Who is operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, and MySpace
Best ans: Online communities have moderators. Moderators post and moderate content. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts. Al Qaeda  militants and supporters.
['A0: Online communities have moderators. Moderators post and moderate content. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts. Al Qaeda  militants and supporters. Al', 'A1: Online communities have moderators. Moderators post and moderate content. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts. Al Qaeda  militants and supporters.', 'A2: Members of the al-Qaeda network operate numerous websites, forums and chatrooms. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites and forums. Al Qaeda members post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users', 'A3: Members of the al-Qaeda network operate numerous websites, forums and chatrooms. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites and forums. Al Qaeda members post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users to help steer the online community', 'A4: operatives', 'A5: operators', 'A6: Facebook', 'A7: Twitter']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(47)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.0954
Q1:What are two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Q2:What are the two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Best ans: mobile computing and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds for their activities.
['A0: Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Terrorism uses a wide variety of methods to raise money for their online activities.', 'A1: mobile computing and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds for their activities.', 'A2: To raise funds, many terrorist organizations use a variety of techniques. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal.', 'A3: Cloud Computing means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities.', 'A4: mobile', 'A5: cloud', 'A6: cloud computing', 'A7: “cloud computing']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9001
Q1:How does Al-Qaeda operate its websites?
Q2:What is Al-Qaeda based on?
Best ans: Members of al-Qaeda are operatives and supporters. Al-Qaeda operative members post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users. Al Qaeda uses the Internet to communicate, propagandize, recruit and network. Al Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations.
['A0: Online communities are run by operatives. Al-Qaeda operative and supporters operate numerous websites. Al Qaeda operates its websites through a decentralized network.', 'A1: Members of al-Qaeda are operatives and supporters. Al-Qaeda operative members post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users. Al Qaeda uses the Internet to communicate, propagandize, recruit and network.', 'A2: Members of al-Qaeda are operatives and supporters. Al-Qaeda operative members post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users. Al Qaeda uses the Internet to communicate, propagandize, recruit and network. Al Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations.', 'A3: The Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network.', 'A4: decentralized', 'A5: supporter', 'A6: members', 'A7: supporters']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.8823
Q1:Who blew himself up at CIA base?
Q2:What was the name of the Jordanian doctor who blew himself up at a secret
Best ans: Huhamam al-Balawi (Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani)
['A0: Huhamam al-Balawi', 'A1: Huhamam al-Balawi (Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani)', 'A2: Humam al-Balawi', 'A3: Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi', 'A4: Huhamam al-Balawi', 'A5: al-Balawi', 'A6: Al Qaeda', 'A7: Al Qaeda’s social networking online']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7935
Q1:How many terrorist organizations maintain website
Q2:What is the main difference between today's terrorists and the old terrorists?
Best ans: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website
['A0: all terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A1: today all active terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A2: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A3: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website', 'A4: All active', 'A5: Active', 'A6: al-Qaeda affiliates', 'A7: All']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(51)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.7752
Q1:Why do terrorists use the Internet?
Q2:What do experts say about the internet?
Best ans: Internet has become valuable tool for terrorist organizations. Terrorists use the Internet to learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies
['A0: Internet has become valuable tool for terrorist organizations.', 'A1: For indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment. For the practical application of terror.', 'A2: They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes.', 'A3: Internet has become valuable tool for terrorist organizations. Terrorists use the Internet to learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies', 'A4: indoctrination', 'A5: intelligence', 'A6: for indoctrination', 'A7: collect intelligence on those targets']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4842
Q1:Where did al-Qaeda's first online instruction come from
Q2:What was the name of Al-Qaeda's first online magazine?
Best ans: Al Battar Training Camp. In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.
['A0: Al Battar Training Camp', 'A1: Al Battar Training Camp. In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.', 'A2: Al Battar Training Camp. In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battari.', 'A3: In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.', 'A4: online', 'A5: Al Battar Training Camp.', 'A6: the Internet', 'A7: “Al Battar Training Camp”']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(53)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.347
Q1:How does online terrorism affect the flow of information and ideas worldwide?
Q2:What are the benefits of using the internet for terrorist purposes?
Best ans: Using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online.
['A0: Using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online.', 'A1: Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online.', 'A2: Using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism.', 'A3: Using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism', 'A4: The interactive capabilities of the Internet', 'A5: creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism.', 'A6: terrorist groups have their own websites', 'A7: creating both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(54)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.3357
Q1:Where are these two terrorist organizations from
Q2:What countries were the bombings planned for?
Best ans: Israel and Palestine.
['A0: Gaza.', 'A1: Israel', 'A2: Israel and Palestine.', 'A3: Israel and Palestine', 'A4: Palestine', 'A5: Syria', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Gaza']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1871
Q1:Where do terrorist groups use to recruit children?
Q2:What is Al-Qaeda doing to attract children?
Best ans: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.
['A0: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users.', 'A1: Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.', 'A2: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.', 'A3: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms.', 'A4: internet', 'A5: Internet', 'A6: video games', 'A7: cyberspace']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1802
Q1:How do terrorists raise funds online?
Q2:What are two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Best ans: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called "charitable organizations" through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor.
['A0: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities.', 'A1: A variety of techniques include: selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books. Terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor.', 'A2: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called "charitable organizations" through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor.', 'A3: The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities.', 'A4: by selling hashish', 'A5: phishing scams', 'A6: using social networking applications', 'A7: through criminal activity']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.0079
Q1:Which of these services uses a variety to ensure anonymity online?
Q2:What is the most cost-free anonymization service?
Best ans: I2P Network uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. The Tor Project uses fewer technologies to ensure anonymity online. The final answer: the Tor Project.
['A0: Using the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses.', 'A1: Cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network use a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. The I2 P Network and the Tor Project are both services.', 'A2: The Tor Project uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. The I2P Network uses varying technologies to ensure anonymity online. The final answer: the I2 P Network.', 'A3: I2P Network uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. The Tor Project uses fewer technologies to ensure anonymity online. The final answer: the Tor Project.', 'A4: Tor', 'A5: To', 'A6: Tor Project,', 'A7: Tor Project']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(58)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.8167
Q1:When did Al Awlaki join the terrorist group?
Q2:When was Al Awlaki linked to attacks?
Best ans: After the attacks of September 11, 2001,
['A0: September 11, 2001,', 'A1: From September 11, 2001 to November 2009', 'A2: September 11, 2001', 'A3: After the attacks of September 11, 2001,', 'A4: after 9/11', 'A5: 2009', 'A6: November 2009', 'A7: 2001']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(59)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.793
Q1:How many CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009?
Q2:How many CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009?
Best ans: Seven CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009 by Humam al-Balawi.
['A0: Al-Balawi blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan–Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian.', 'A1: 7 was the number of CIA officers killed in December 2009 by Humam al-Balawi. One Jordanian was killed by the suicide bomber.', 'A2: Seven CIA officers and one Jordanian were killed in December 2009 by Humam al-Balawi.', 'A3: In December 2009, Humam al-Balawi blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border. He killed seven CIA officers and one Jordanian.', 'A4: seventh', 'A5: eight', 'A6: 7', 'A7: seven']
Text:In 2003, the prominent al-Qaeda strategist Abu Musab al-Suri posted The Call to Global Islamic Resistance, a massive document outlining a series of suggestions for the future of Jihad. In it, he stressed the need for Al-Qaeda to restructure itself according to the notion of “ nizam, la tanzim ” or “system, not organization,” an evolution toward the highly decentralized, multi-nodal network that defines al Qaeda today. Since the 1990s, Jihadi terrorists have leveraged the power of the Internet in more imaginative ways. 90% of terrorist activity on the Internet takes place using social networking tools, be it Paltalk, or Yahoo! eGroups. Al-Qaeda in the Maghreb (AQIM) has established robust Twitter accounts and social media strategies to push rhetoric and propaganda from North Africa to broader audiences around the world. Somalia’s Al Qaeda affiliate, Al Shabab, is microblogging to get its message out: "Our war against the West is a war for the sovereignty and dominance of Allah's Law above all creation. The most famous individual to self-recruit on the Internet using al-Qaeda’s social networking online was a Jordanian doctor named Humam al-Balawi (a.k.a. “Abu Dujanah al-Khorasani” He blew himself up at a secret CIA base along the Afghan-Pakistani border in December 2009, killing seven CIA officers and one Jordanian. At the time, CIA agents believed they had successfully recruited al-Balawi as a double agent to help hunt down Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri and other top Al-Qaida figures. In an interview published on Al-Qaeda’s “Al-Hesbah” forum in September 2009, only three months previous, al- Balawi appealed, “How can I encourage people to join the jihad while I’m staying away from it? …How do I become a burning wick for others follow the light of? Can any sane person accept that?



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5091
Q1:What is the most popular online training manual?
Q2:What is the magazine Inspire?
Best ans: Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.
['A0: jihadis use the Internet in public places and sent messages via public email. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.', 'A1: Al-Nusra Media Battalion is a jihadist media group. The glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool.', 'A2: The glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine.', 'A3: Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.', 'A4: Inspire', 'A5: ultra-modern Inspire magazine', 'A6: Inspire magazine.', 'A7: glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(61)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.3613
Q1:What are some examples of terrorist organizations that maintain websites?
Q2:What are some examples of terrorist groups?
Best ans: al-Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and numerous al-Qaida affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia.
['A0: al-Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt', 'A1: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A2: al-Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and numerous al-Qaida affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia.', 'A3: Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PLFP), the Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), The People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK The Basque ETA movement', 'A4: Hezbollah', 'A5: Fatah Tanzim', 'A6: al-Qaeda', 'A7: Hamas']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(62)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.3168
Q1:How many terrorist organizations were arrested?
Q2:How many suicide truck bombs were planned?
Best ans: three
['A0: two', 'A1: One was the terrorist organization Hamas.', 'A2: two men', 'A3: Terrorist organizations include: Al-Qaeda, al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISLA).', 'A4: four', 'A5: three', 'A6: Two', 'A7: 2']
Text:The two men settled on a plan to bomb both sites simultaneously, and to murder emergency responders in Jerusalem with a follow-up suicide truck bomb. In December 2013 they were arrested and during his questioning, Abu Sara told the Israeli interrogator that his handler in Gaza made it clear to him that he was in direct online communication with Al-Zawahiri. What may be most alarming about this phenomenon is the sharp increase in the use of brand name U.S. commercial social networking services such as YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook by terrorist organizations.



(63)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.1721
Q1:Where does Hama's originate from
Q2:What country is the target of the PMOI?
Best ans: Israel
['A0: Islam', 'A1: Israel', 'A2: Lebanese', 'A3: Islamic Resistance Movement', 'A4: Arabic', 'A5: Syria', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Palestinian']
Text:The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb, Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0983
Q1:Which phase of the internet was mentioned first?
Q2:What is the term for centralized websites?
Best ans: Phase 1
['A0: 2000', 'A1: Phase 1', 'A2: 2001 to 2012', 'A3: Top-down websites', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: 2000', 'A6: digital age', 'A7: the digital age']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(65)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.0515
Q1:How many years did Internet connectivity grow by 566 percent worldwide?
Q2:How many terrorist groups were online in 2012?
Best ans: 12
['A0: Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide between 2012 to 2000. Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity increased by 526 percent worldwide.', 'A1: During the period 2000-2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A2: Two years is the same as one year. Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: 2000 to 2012 is the period from 2000 to 2012. Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A4: 12', 'A5: 3', 'A6: Two', 'A7: 4']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



