(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1301
Q1:In which datasets were models trained?
Q2:What dataset were the causal analysis models trained on?
Best ans: Surgery dataset
['A0: Clinicaltrials.gov', 'A1: Surgery dataset', 'A2: The surgery dataset', 'A3: The surgery dataset is a cross-validation dataset.', 'A4: Surgery', 'A5: Surgery data', 'A6: Surgery dataset', 'A7: The surgery dataset']
Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.1255
Q1:The experiments were conducted on which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was split 70% for training and 30% for testing?
Best ans: Surgery dataset
['A0: Surgery_dataset', 'A1: Surgery dataset is a healthcare dataset.', 'A2: The surgery dataset is a healthcare dataset.', 'A3: Surgery dataset', 'A4: Survival', 'A5: Survival model', 'A6: Healthcare domain', 'A7: Healthcare']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(2)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.1255
Q1:The experiments were conducted on which dataset? which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was split 70% for training and 30% for testing?
Best ans: The surgery dataset
['A0: Survival dataset', 'A1: The surgery dataset was used', 'A2: The surgery dataset', 'A3: Surgery dataset', 'A4: Construction', 'A5: Survival', 'A6: Healthcare domain', 'A7: Healthcare']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(3)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.1162
Q1:Barket-fm is trained on which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was the model trained on?
Best ans: Surgical dataset
['A0: Dosm', 'A1: Surgical dataset', 'A2: Duration of surgery dataset', 'A3: The duration of surgery dataset', 'A4: Duration', 'A5: Survival', 'A6: Dosm', 'A7: Duration of surgery']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0985
Q1:How many minutes is the uncertainty of the model?
Q2:What was the derived uncertainty of the model?
Best ans: 4.1 minutes
['A0: 4.1 minutes is an uncertainty of the model.', 'A1: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes. so, the final answer is 4.1.', 'A2: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A3: For each record in the test set, we used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: 4.4', 'A5: 4.', 'A6: 4. 1', 'A7: 4.1 minutes']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0823
Q1:Which feature is most important? duration of surgery
Q2:What is the most important feature?
Best ans: Duration of surgery is the most important feature.
['A0: Time duration of surgery', 'A1: Time duration of surgery is the most important feature.', 'A2: Duration of surgery', 'A3: Duration of surgery is the most important feature.', 'A4: Length', 'A5: Time', 'A6: Interval', 'A7: Period']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(6)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0678
Q1:Who developed this model?
Q2:Whose model did Barket-FM-DOSM use?
Best ans: Dr. barket et al.
['A0: Dosman et al.', 'A1: Dr. barket et al.', 'A2: Dr. barket et al. (2019)', 'A3: The model is developed by barket et al.', 'A4: Doctor', 'A5: Dosm', 'A6: Dr. barket', 'A7: The authors']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0609
Q1:What is the difference between a dosm model and a filtered feature set?
Q2:What did we do with the causal features?
Best ans: Filtered out features that had high correlation with
['A0: A duration of surgery prediction model was developed using features in cf and filtered non causal feature set.', 'A1: Cf and filtered non-causal features were used to train a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the dataset.', 'A2: Dosm is a model that predicts duration of surgery. filtered non-causal feature set is based on the features in the causal feature set.', 'A3: The model was used to estimate the potential change in dos as a result of variations in causal feature values.', 'A4: Filtered non', 'A5: Training using only cf values allowed the cf', 'A6: Filtered out features that had high correlation with', 'A7: Model dosm-f']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.005
Q1:The authors used which method to compute feature importance?
Q2:3 out of 8 features selected are the same for which two methods?
Best ans: Shap and pearson correlation.
['A0: The shap algorithm', 'A1: Pearson correlation', 'A2: Shap and pearson correlation.', 'A3: Shap', 'A4: Shapp', 'A5: Pearson correlation.', 'A6: Shap and pearson correlation', 'A7: Pearson correlation']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.005
Q1:Feature importance was computed using which algorithm?
Q2:3 out of 8 features selected are the same for which two methods?
Best ans: Shap and pearson correlation
['A0: The shap algorithm.', 'A1: The shap algorithm', 'A2: Shap', 'A3: Shap and pearson correlation.', 'A4: Shapple', 'A5: Shapping', 'A6: Shapp', 'A7: Shap and pearson correlation']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(10)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9826
Q1:Why did they use only the cf values for training the model?
Q2:Why is training the DOSM-F model using only CF values important?
Best ans: This allows for the cf values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model
['A0: They wanted to train the model on only causal features.', 'A1: Cf values can have more impact on the prediction value of the models.', 'A2: This allows for the cf values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model', 'A3: The cf values were filtered out so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features.', 'A4: Allow the', 'A5: To have a bigger impact on the prediction value of', 'A6: Let them have more impact', 'A7: Let them have more impact on the prediction']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9804
Q1:We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output.
Q2:What method was used to evaluate the grid search output?
Best ans: In order to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation.
['A0: A k-fold cross-validation is an algorithm that evaluates the performance of a model. the k-fold cross- validation method evaluates a grid search model by evaluating the performance metrics of the model.', 'A1: In order to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k - fold cross- validation.', 'A2: In order to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation.', 'A3: Y=the predicted duration of surgery value of record i, t=the true value of dos, and n=the number of records. k=the cross-validation method used to evaluate the grid search output.', 'A4: K-fold cross-validation', 'A5: The grid search output', 'A6: To fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A7: Method to fully and effectively utilize data']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(12)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9419
Q1:In which section of a journal can you find this article?
Q2:Where is Table 1 located?
Best ans: Section 2
['A0: Dos', 'A1: Dos section', 'A2: Feature importance', 'A3: Section 2', 'A4: Feature importance', 'A5: Data analysis', 'A6: Dos', 'A7: Clinical applications']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8742
Q1:We used which method to handle missing data of other features?
Q2:What technique was used to handle missing data of other features?
Best ans: Sequence of regression models technique.
['A0: Sequence of regression models technique.', 'A1: We used the sequence of regression models technique.', 'A2: The sequence of regression models technique.', 'A3: Sequence of regression models technique', 'A4: Segmentation', 'A5: Sequencing regression models', 'A6: Sequencing', 'A7: Sequence of regression models technique']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(14)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.8224
Q1:How was derived uncertainty of gbt?
Q2:What is the uncertainty of the model?
Best ans: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.
['A0: The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A1: Dosm is used for each record in the test set to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A2: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes. so, the final answer is 4.1.', 'A3: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the gbt. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: 4.1 minutes. the', 'A5: For every record', 'A6: 4.1 minutes.', 'A7: Trained']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(15)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8145
Q1:A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model
Q2:What does this paper present?
Best ans: This paper presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.
['A0: Identifying influential features and causal relationships of duration of surgery', 'A1: The purpose of this paper is to:', 'A2: A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model.', 'A3: This paper presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A4: ', 'A5: A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model.', 'A6: A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model', 'A7: ']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(16)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7969
Q1:How to estimate durations of surgery
Q2:What does this study present?
Best ans: This study presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.
['A0: Identifying influential features and causal features of duration of surgery.', 'A1: Identifying influential features and causal features of duration of surgery', 'A2: A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A3: This study presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A4: Predictive models for durations of operation', 'A5: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the duration of surgery model', 'A6: An improved model for estimating duration of surgery.', 'A7: An improved model for estimating duration of surgery']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(17)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7969
Q1:How to estimate durations of surgery using supervised learning?
Q2:What does this study present?
Best ans: This study presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.
['A0: An approach to estimate the duration of surgery using supervised learning.', 'A1: The paper describes an approach to estimating the duration of surgery using supervised learning.', 'A2: A supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model is developed.', 'A3: This study presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A4: Predicting the duration of surgery using a supervised learning approach.', 'A5: This work was published in the journal of the american medical association', 'A6: Predicting the duration of surgery using a supervised learning approach', 'A7: Predicting the duration of surgery']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(18)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7857
Q1:We used what two main machine learning models to estimate causal effects?
Q2:What are the two main Machine Learning model types?
Best ans: Propensitiy and heterogeneitiiy models
['A0: Propensitiy and heterogeneitiiy models', 'A1: Eq (1) is a feature that measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects. the propensitiy score is used to reduce confounding variables’ effects, and the implied bias.', 'A2: Propensity and heterogeneity models are used for estimating causal effects. the propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are use for evaluating the heterogenity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A3: The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is propensitiy and heterogeniy models.', 'A4: Protean', 'A5: Protean model type', 'A6: Protean model', 'A7: Hybrid models']
Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the Average Treatment Effect values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7795
Q1:Which feature is most important?
Q2:What feature has the highest absolute Pearson correlation values?
Best ans: Timeline of surgery
['A0: Timeline of surgery', 'A1: Timeline of surgery is the most important feature.', 'A2: Duration of surgery', 'A3: The 8 features with the highest absolute pearson correlation values vis-à-vis duration of surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values.', 'A4: Results', 'A5: Duration', 'A6: Pearson correlation', 'A7: Duration of surgery']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(20)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.655
Q1:How many features are in the top 10 causal features?
Q2:What does Table 4 present?
Best ans: The top 10 causal features are based on the following: average treatment effect: 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect values were the highest, in decreasing order.
['A0: Half of all features in the top 10 are among novel features.', 'A1: The top 10 causal features are based on the following: average treatment effect: 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect values were the highest, in decreasing order.', 'A2: Half of all features in the top 10 are among novel features. the top 10 features are the 10 features whose absolute average treatment effect values were the highest.', 'A3: Table 4 presents the 10 features that whose absolute average treatment effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation. the top 10 features are shown in the following table:', 'A4: 50', 'A5: 2', 'A6: 1', 'A7: Half']
Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(21)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6302
Q1:The purpose of this paper is to:
Q2:What did we do?
Best ans: Using machine learning techniques to develop supervised models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.
['A0: Machine learning models to predict the duration of surgery', 'A1: Predicting duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries.', 'A2: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A3: Using machine learning techniques to develop supervised models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A4: Predicting the duration and cost of surgery in a hospital', 'A5: Use machine learning to predict operation duration', 'A6: Models to predict duration of surgery', 'A7: Models to predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(22)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5799
Q1:Which model is used in the study? no answer>
Q2:What type of model is Barket-FM-DOSM?
Best ans: Duration of surgery model
['A0: Dosm', 'A1: No', 'A2: Duration of surgery model', 'A3: A duration of surgery model', 'A4: Dosm', 'A5: No', 'A6: Duration of surgery model', 'A7: ']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(23)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5583
Q1:What is the full list of features?
Q2:What is the full list of features?
Best ans: List of features shown in table 1.
['A0: A complete set is shown in table 1. the full list of features is shown below.', 'A1: List of features shown in table 1.', 'A2: In the data, a feature is novel when it is not a novel feature. the full list of features is shown in table 1.', 'A3: This paper presents the full list of features of the tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A4: List of surgical records', 'A5: The following features are shown in table 1:', 'A6: Features are shown in table 1', 'A7: The full list of features is shown in table 1']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(24)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5529
Q1:Do they use propensity and heterogeneity models to estimate causal effects?
Q2:What are the two main Machine Learning model types?
Best ans: Both the propensity and heterogeneity models are used for the estimation of causal effects.
['A0: Both the propensity and heterogeneity models are used for the estimation of causal effects.', 'A1: Machine learning model types include propensitiy scores and heterogeneity models. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogenity of the treatment effect. so, the final answer is yes.', 'A2: Ate is the difference in mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimates causal effects:', 'A3: ', 'A4: Both', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the Average Treatment Effect values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(25)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.55
Q1:How can we reduce waiting time and maximize surgical staff idle time?
Q2:What can be done with the predictions?
Best ans: Use the dos value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and maximize surgical staff idle time.
['A0: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A1: A dataset of 23,293 records was used to train the models. the model outperformed earlier models. using the dos value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and maximize surgical staff idle time', 'A2: Use the dos value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and maximize surgical staff idle time.', 'A3: The model outperformed earlier models. using the dos value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and maximize surgical staff idle time.', 'A4: Apply measures to affect dos.', 'A5: We used machine learning techniques to develop', 'A6: Apply measures to affect dos', 'A7: Use dos value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(26)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5322
Q1:Why does dosm have a lower mae than barket-fm-dosm?
Q2:What did the comparison lead to?
Best ans: This comparison led to the conclusion that neither machine learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. the major effector is that the set of features is the source.
['A0: This comparison led to the conclusion that neither machine learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. the major effector is that the set of features is the source.', 'A1: Mean absolute error value derived for barket-fm-dosm is lower than mae values for dosm. the major effector of such differences in a model is the set of features.', "A2: A mae is a measure of the model's performance. the mae values for barket-fm-dosm are lower than the mae for dosm. the main effector of differences in the model performance is the set of features. so, the final answer is the sets of features are the source of differences.", 'A3: Neither the machine learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in model performance. the major effector of such differences is the set of features. so, the final answer is the sets of features are the main source of the model performance difference.', 'A4: Set of features.', 'A5: Features', 'A6: Set of features', 'A7: Training on our surgery dataset']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(27)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5245
Q1:Who developed this model? what is the dataset used for?
Q2:What is the main effector of differences in the model performance?
Best ans: Dr. barket developed the model. the model is based on the surgery dataset. the main effector of such differences is the set of features.
['A0: The dataset used for barket-fm-dosm is the surgery dataset.', 'A1: Surgery dataset is a dataset used for duration of surgery. barket et al. (2019) but trained on their surgery data set.', 'A2: Dr. barket developed the model. the model is based on the surgery dataset.', 'A3: Dr. barket developed the model. the model is based on the surgery dataset. the main effector of such differences is the set of features.', 'A4: Dataset', 'A5: Surgery', 'A6: Surgery dataset', 'A7: Barket et al.']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(28)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4107
Q1:Which model has the best performance?
Q2:What is the uncertainty of the GBT model?
Best ans: Gbt is the best performing model. the mean absolute error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.
['A0: Gradient boosted trees is the best performing model.', 'A1: Gbt is the best performing model.', 'A2: The mean absolute error values for the three algorithms are presented in table 6: gbt gradient boosted trees', 'A3: Gbt is the best performing model. the mean absolute error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: Grade', 'A5: Bt', 'A6: Gt', 'A7: Gbt']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(29)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4107
Q1:Which model has the best performance?
Q2:What is the uncertainty of the GBT model?
Best ans: Gbt is the best performing model. the mean absolute error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.
['A0: Gradient boosted trees is the best performing model.', 'A1: Gbt is the best performing model.', 'A2: The mean absolute error values for the three algorithms are presented in table 6: gbt gradient boosted trees', 'A3: Gbt is the best performing model. the mean absolute error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: Grade', 'A5: Bt', 'A6: Gt', 'A7: Gbt']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(30)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2044
Q1:Who was involved in this study?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans: Tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm) (a public hospital) surgery department.
['A0: Tasm (a public hospital)', 'A1: Tasm (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A2: Tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm)', 'A3: Tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm) (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A4: Israeli', 'A5: Israel', 'A6: Researchers', 'A7: Tasm']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(31)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1712
Q1:Dos models for predicting duration of surgery
Q2:What can the model be used for?
Best ans: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.
['A0: The model outperformed earlier models.', 'A1: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.', 'A2: Models for predicting duration of surgery are developed using machine learning techniques.', 'A3: A dataset of 23,293 records was used to train the models. the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A4: A model for predicting the duration of surgery', 'A5: Dos models for predicting duration of surgery from features related to patients', 'A6: Dos models for predicting duration of surgery', 'A7: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1712
Q1:Predicting duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries
Q2:What can the model be used for?
Best ans: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.
['A0: The model outperformed earlier models.', 'A1: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, surgeons, hospitals.', 'A2: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.', 'A3: Predicting duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries.', 'A4: Model outperformed earlier models', 'A5: Predicting duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries.', 'A6: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries.', 'A7: Models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(33)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1712
Q1:Models to predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries
Q2:What can the model be used for?
Best ans: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.
['A0: The model outperformed earlier models.', 'A1: The model outperformed earlier models. the model can be used to schedule surgeries.', 'A2: A dataset of 23,293 records was used to train the models. the average treatment effect value was 14.9 minutes. the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A3: To develop supervised ml models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients. for training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of th.', 'A4: Models that predicted duration of surgery', 'A5: A model that can be used to schedule surgeries', 'A6: Development of models to predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians', 'A7: Model to predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0896
Q1:Barket-fm is trained on which dataset? which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was the model trained on?
Best ans: The duration of surgery dataset
['A0: Dosm', 'A1: Surgery dataset', 'A2: The duration of surgery dataset', 'A3: Duration of surgery', 'A4: Duration', 'A5: Dosm', 'A6: The duration of surgery', 'A7: Surgery dataset']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0591
Q1:Which model type is used for the estimation of the average treatment effect?
Q2:What was used to develop the heterogeneity model?
Best ans: Machine learning model types include propensity and heterogeneity models for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms
['A0: Machine learning model types include propensity and heterogeneity models for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms [31].', 'A1: Machine learning model types include propensity and heterogeneity models for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms', 'A2: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is heterogenity models.', 'A3: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A4: Forest-based algorithms', 'A5: Eq (1)', 'A6: Propensity models', 'A7: Propensity']
Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the Average Treatment Effect values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.047
Q1:Why did they split training and testing the model by surgery type
Q2:How did they partition the Surgery Dataset?
Best ans: To measure the performance metrics for each of its sub-sets, they split training and testing by surgery type.
['A0: Surgery dataset 70% training and 30% testing.', 'A1: Surgery dataset 70% training and 30% testing', 'A2: To measure the performance metrics for each of its sub-sets, they split training and testing by surgery type.', 'A3: We measured performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.', 'A4: 70% for training and 30% for testing', 'A5: The surgery dataset 70% for training', 'A6: Training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset 70%', 'A7: They measured the performance metrics']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9768
Q1:Which machine learning techniques were used to develop supervised models that predict duration of surgery?
Q2:What did we use to develop the model that had the best performance?
Best ans: Machine learning techniques to develop supervised models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries. gradient boosted trees
['A0: Gradient boosted trees the model with the best performance was the gradient. boosting trees', 'A1: The model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees. the model outperformed earlier models in terms of mean absolute error.', 'A2: Machine learning techniques to develop supervised models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians and surgeries. gradient boosted trees', 'A3: Ml models that predict duration of surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries were developed. gradient boosted trees were used to develop the models.', 'A4: Shapley additive explanations', 'A5: Advanced learning models', 'A6: Deep neural networks', 'A7: Supervised machine learning techniques']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9128
Q1:Predictive model for duration of surgery
Q2:What is the purpose of this study?
Best ans: Predictive model for duration of surgery.
['A0: A model for the duration of surgery is proposed.', 'A1: The purpose of this paper is to:', 'A2: Predictive model for duration of surgery.', 'A3: In this study, we present a nonlinear regression model for duration of surgery.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Modeling the duration of surgery', 'A6: A supervised model for duration of surgery.', 'A7: A supervised model for duration of surgery']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8811
Q1:Which features are important for duration of surgery prediction? dosm-f model
Q2:How was the Duration of Surgery prediction model trained?
Best ans: The model was trained using only cf values. the model used the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.
['A0: The model was trained using only cf values.', 'A1: The model was trained using only cf values. the model used the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A2: Cf and filtered non-causal feature set were used to calculate feature importance.', 'A3: This paper presents a method for training a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in cf and filtered non-causal features.', 'A4: Dossm', 'A5: Doesm', 'A6: Filtered non', 'A7: Dosm-f']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.657
Q1:What is the relationship between the number of features and the correlation values?
Q2:What do we observe about the features selected?
Best ans: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, shap and pearson correlation. the higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on dos, i.e., the impact on model's output.
['A0: 1 feature is selected for both methods, shap and pearson correlation 3 out of 8 features are the same for both methodologies, shamp and pearson correlation', 'A1: In the present study, the number and correlation values of the 8 features with the highest absolute pearson correlation values vis-à-vis duration of surgery were compared to those of 8 features that had the lowest correlation values.', 'A2: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, shap and pearson correlation.', "A3: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, shap and pearson correlation. the higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on dos, i.e., the impact on model's output.", 'A4: Decreased', 'A5: Increasing', 'A6: Decreases', 'A7: Increased']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(41)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6486
Q1:What is the baseline model used for this experiment?
Q2:What models were used in this experiment?
Best ans: This experiment used the following baseline model: rf, gradient boosted trees, and deep neural networks (dnns)
['A0: This experiment used the following baseline model:', 'A1: Gradient boosted trees', 'A2: This experiment used the following baseline model: rf, gradient boosted trees, and deep neural networks (dnns)', 'A3: We used the following baseline model: rf, gradient boosted trees, and deep neural networks (dnns) for training and testing.', 'A4: Dnns', 'A5: The surgery dataset', 'A6: Deep neural networks', 'A7: Rf']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6122
Q1:Where can we find more information about lassocv?
Q2:What is the lassocv algorithm?
Best ans: On this page you can find more information about lassocv.
['A0: Alasso cv algorithm', 'A1: On this page you can find more information about lassocv.', 'A2: Lassocv is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A3: This paper describes an algorithm that finds optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation.', 'A4: Lassocv', 'A5: Clinical applications', 'A6: Lassocv algorithm', 'A7: Table 4']
Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(43)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5725
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What is the purpose of this study?
Best ans: To develop a supervised model for the duration of surgery.
['A0: An improved prediction model for duration-of-surgery', 'A1: We present an supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression prediction model.', 'A2: Identify influential and causal features of duration of surgery.', 'A3: Identify influential and causal features of duration of surgery', 'A4: Predicting the duration of surgery with a new feature set', 'A5: To develop a supervised model for the duration of surgery.', 'A6: To develop a supervised model for the duration of surgery', 'A7: Predicting the duration of surgery']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4333
Q1:Which model is used for training and testing?
Q2:What models were used to predict binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain?
Best ans: We used the following models: rf, gradient boosted trees and deep neural networks (dnns)
['A0: We used the following models: rf, gradient boosted trees and deep neural networks (dnns) for training. we used this model:', 'A1: We used the following models: rf, gradient boosted trees and deep neural networks (dnns)', 'A2: Drastically boosting trees and deep neural networks (dnns) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. for training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset 70% for training and 30% for testing.', 'A3: Deep neural networks (dnns) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. for training and testing our model, we split the surgery dataset 70% for training and 30% for testing.', 'A4: R', 'A5: Dnns', 'A6: Rf', 'A7: Deep neural networks']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2393
Q1:The data was obtained from which public hospital?
Q2:What is the full name of Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center?
Best ans: Tasm (a public hospital)
['A0: Tasm (a public hospital) is a public', 'A1: Aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm)', 'A2: Tasm (a public hospital)', 'A3: The tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm)', 'A4: Israel.', 'A5: Tashkent', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Tashkent university medical center']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2054
Q1:Why is uncertainty of gbt model higher than dosm?
Q2:How is the gbt model trained?
Best ans: 4.1 minutes is higher than dosm. gbt model is trained on a dataset using several machine learning algorithms.
['A0: 4.1 minutes is higher than dosm.', 'A1: This is because the gbt model has a higher uncertainty than the dosm model.', 'A2: 4.1 minutes is higher than dosm. gbt model is trained on a dataset using several machine learning algorithms.', 'A3: Gbt is a gradient boosted trees model. gbt has a higher uncertainty than dosm. so the final answer is gbt model.', 'A4: For every record', 'A5: 4.1 minutes.', 'A6: For each record in the test set, we used', 'A7: 4.1 minutes']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.1712
Q1:A new approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms: a machine learning approach
Q2:What can our model improve?
Best ans: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms using a machine learning approach. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model and the predicted dos. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.
['A0: It is the first paper to use machine learning to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms, a new and promising field in healthcare. the paper presents the state of the art and the purpose of the paper. the main purpose of this paper are to:', "A1: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms using a machine learning approach. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model and the predicted dos. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. the paper concludes with a discussion of future research directions. the author would like to thank the following people:", "A2: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms using a machine learning approach. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model and the predicted dos. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. the paper concludes with a discussion of future research directions.", "A3: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms using a machine learning approach. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model and the predicted dos. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.", 'A4: Using a machine learning model, we propose a new approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms: a machine learning approach.', 'A5: This article introduces a new approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms: a machine learning approach.', 'A6: A new approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms: a machine learning approach.', 'A7: The paper presents a new approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) in operating rooms: a machine learning approach.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0476
Q1:Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery
Q2:What does the paper conclude with?
Best ans: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict the duration of surgery using machine learning. we present a novel model that uses a combination of patient and surgical staff features to predict duration. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions for this research and its implications.
['A0: We present a model for predicting the duration of surgery in an operating room. we use a multi-dimensional model to model the duration. we analyze patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust dos values.', 'A1: We present a model for predicting the duration of surgery in an operating room. we use a multi-dimensional model to model the duration. we analyze patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions for the future work.', 'A2: In this paper, we use machine learning to predict the duration of surgery. we use a multi-stage model to predict duration of surgeries. we analyze patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s behavior. we identify causal relationships between the model and the predicted dos. we show that the model can be used to control and adjust the dos values.', 'A3: In this paper, we use machine learning to predict the duration of surgery. we use a multi-stage model to predict duration of surgeries. we analyze patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s behavior. we identify causal relationships between the model and the predicted dos. we show that the model can be used to control and adjust the dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions of this work. the author is a professor of medicine at the university of california san diego.', 'A4: We present a model for prediction and explanation of duration of surgery. we use machine learning techniques to explain the importance of each feature to model. we analyze the models’ predictions using explanatory algorithms to explain their behavior. we identify causal relationships between patient features and surgical staff features. we apply our models for both elective ( elective surgery) as well as emergency surgery.', 'A5: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict the duration of surgery using machine learning. we present a novel model that uses a combination of patient and surgical staff features to predict duration. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions for this research and its implications.', 'A6: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict the duration of surgery using machine learning. we present a novel model that uses a combination of patient and surgical staff features to predict duration. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling.', 'A7: An approach to predict the duration of surgery using machine learning.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9925
Q1:In which metrics were the mean absolute error, mean absolute percent error, and root mean square error evaluated?
Q2:What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: Regression metrics mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err
['A0: Mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err', 'A1: Regression metrics mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err', 'A2: We used mean absolute error, mean absolute percent error, and root mean square error to evaluate the performance of our model’s performance. the mean absolute error, meanabsolute percent error and root means square error metrics are:', 'A3: They were evaluated in regression metrics. the metrics are computed as follow: mean = yi, ti = the predicted duration of surgery value of record, n = number of records. the grid search output was evaluated using k-fold cross-validation.', 'A4: Performance', 'A5: The regression', 'A6: Mean absolute error', 'A7: Regression metrics']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9883
Q1:Which metrics were used to evaluate the grid search?
Q2:What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: The grid search was evaluated using the following metrics: mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err.
['A0: A grid search can be evaluated using the following metrics: mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err', 'A1: The grid search was evaluated using the following metrics: mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err.', 'A2: We used the following regression metrics: mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err on the grid search.', 'A3: K-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data. the grid search is based on the mean absolute error, mean absolute percent error, and root mean square error metrics.', 'A4: Dos', 'A5: Root mean square', 'A6: Kernel mean square error', 'A7: K-fold cross-validation']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.934
Q1:For the regression metrics, what metrics are used for evaluation of the model?
Q2:What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: Mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err
['A0: Regression metrics mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err', 'A1: Mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err', 'A2: We used the regression metrics mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err on the grid search output.', 'A3: We used the regression metrics mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err on the grid search output. the metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A4: Measure abnormality', 'A5: Measure', 'A6: Measurable absolute error', 'A7: Root mean square']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9276
Q1:Which model did we use to train on the surgery dataset?
Q2:What models were used to train on the surgery dataset?
Best ans: Heterogeneity treatment effect and propensity models were used to train on the surgery dataset.
['A0: We used the heterogeneity treatment effect model to train on surgery dataset. the hyperparameter values we used were listed in table 3. the 10 most common features were the following:', 'A1: We used the heterogeneity treatment effect model to train on surgery dataset.', 'A2: Lasso models were used to train on the surgery dataset to detect the presence of a comorbidity between two variables.', 'A3: Heterogeneity treatment effect and propensity models were used to train on the surgery dataset.', 'A4: Propensity', 'A5: Propensity models', 'A6: Lasso', 'A7: Causal analysis models']
Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.8826
Q1:Which feature is the most common surgery in the tel aviv sourasky medical center?
Q2:What is the full list of features in the data?
Best ans: In the data, a v in the novel column indicates that the feature is novel. the data includes 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. the full list of features is shown in table 1.
['A0: A total of 23,293 surgical records were analyzed. the eight most common surgeries were:', 'A1: Surgical records from the tel aviv sourasky medical center were reviewed. the eight most common surgeries were:', 'A2: In the data, a v in the novel column indicates that the feature is novel. the data includes 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. the full list of features is shown in table 1. so the final answer is the eight.', 'A3: In the data, a v in the novel column indicates that the feature is novel. the data includes 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. the full list of features is shown in table 1.', 'A4: Novel', 'A5: Surgery', 'A6: Surgical records', 'A7: Surgery department']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7708
Q1:How were features selected?
Q2:What does the vertical location of a dot indicate about a feature's impact on
Best ans: Shap and pearson correlation were used to select features. the higher the vertical location, the greater the impact on the model's output.
['A0: Shapley additive explanations algorithm', 'A1: Shap and pearson correlation were used to select features.', "A2: Shap and pearson correlation were used to select features. the higher the vertical location, the greater the impact on the model's output.", 'A3: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of features selected are the same for both methods, shap and pearson correlation', 'A4: Shapping', 'A5: Shapple', 'A6: Shap and pearson correlation', 'A7: Shapley additive explanations algorithm']
Text: Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7456
Q1:Introduction the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.
Q2:What do we identify using the model?
Best ans: We present a model for duration of surgery prediction using machine learning techniques. we use a broad range patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study a wide range patient features and surgical team features. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’es predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient waiting time, surgical team idle time, and the model's predicted duration of operation (dom).
['A0: It is an open access article. the paper can be found at https://doi.org/10.1007/s12895-009-004-007-008-003-006-005-005.', "A1: We present a model for duration of surgery prediction using machine learning techniques. we use a broad range patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study a wide range patient features and surgical team features. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’es predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient waiting time, surgical team idle time, and the model's predicted duration of operation (dom).", 'A2: A state-of-the-art model for the prediction of duration of surgery (dos) is a model that predicts the duration of a surgery. the model is based on a set a features that are used to describe the patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are used for both elective and emergency surgery classes. the main purpose of this paper is to provide a new model for prediction of dos.', 'A3: This article describes a model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) for elective and emergency surgeries. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are based upon a large number of patient features and surgical team features. the authors use a variety of methods to explain the model’s predictions. the paper concludes with a discussion of the potential implications of the model for or management.', 'A4: Surgical duration of surgery (dos) is a complex problem that requires a multi-faceted approach. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, motivation for this study and its objectives.', 'A5: An explanation of how the model works and how it can be used to improve or scheduling.', 'A6: This article is a review of the state of the art in the field of machine learning for the prediction of duration of surgery (dos) in the operating room.', 'A7: Context: the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7274
Q1:An introduction to the paper: duration of surgery prediction using machine learning and causal inference
Q2:What is the purpose of this paper?
Best ans: A new approach to duration of surgery prediction using machine learning and causal inference.
['A0: It is an open access article. the paper is abstracted in the following:', 'A1: An introduction to duration of surgery prediction using machine learning and causal inference. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, its objectives and the state of ml in healthcare. the state- of-the art is summarized in the following table.', 'A2: An introduction to duration of surgery prediction using machine learning and causal inference.', 'A3: A new approach to the prediction of duration of surgery using machine learning and causal inference.', 'A4: Using machine learning and causal inference, we propose a model for duration of surgery prediction using patient and surgical staff features.', 'A5: This article introduces a new approach to the prediction of duration of surgery using machine learning and causal inference', 'A6: The paper presents a state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.', 'A7: A new approach to duration of surgery prediction using machine learning and causal inference.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7246
Q1:What is duration of surgery?
Q2:What does the paper conclude with?
Best ans: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling. the paper concludes with a discussion on the future of this model.
['A0: We present a model for surgical duration prediction using machine learning techniques. we use a wide range of patient and surgical staff features to explain our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we analyze our model and its predictions using explanatory algorithms. the paper concludes with a discussion of the implications of our model.', 'A1: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling.', 'A2: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling. the paper concludes with a discussion on the future of this model.', 'A3: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance of surgery scheduling. the paper concludes with a discussion on the future of this model. the author is a surgeon and a member of the editorial board of the journal of surgery.', 'A4: A state-of-the-art approach to predict durations and outcomes of surgeries. the paper presents a state- of-the art approach for predicting durations for elective surgeries and emergency surgeries. we use a multivariate model to predict both elective and emergency surgery durations. we study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions, and causal inference algorithms to identify cause and effect relationships in data.', 'A5: In this article, we present a model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve or scheduling by identifying causal relationships between patient and surgeon features. we present etiology of the problem and the state of art in the field.', 'A6: This paper introduces a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) in the operating room. the model is based on the knowledge of the patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are based upon the knowledge that the patient is an elective patient and the surgical staff is an emergency patient, and that the patients are under the care of the hospital. the authors present a model that predicts the dos for both elective and emergency surgeries. the paper concludes with a discussion of the state-of-the-art and the future directions of the model.', 'A7: In this article, we present a model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of features to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve or scheduling by identifying causal relationships between patient and surgeon features.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6972
Q1:To what extent do patients and surgeons understand the importance of each feature to the model?
Q2:What does the paper conclude with?
Best ans: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgeon features and surgical team features and use them in our model. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion on the future of this approach.
['A0: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgeon features and surgical team features and use them in our model. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust dos values.', 'A1: We present an approach to predict duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgeon features and surgical team features and use them in our model. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion on the future of this approach.', 'A2: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff features. we use a variety of models to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.', 'A3: In this paper, we introduce a new model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff features. we use a variety of models to explain the model’s behavior. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future of this model.', "A4: In this work, we use machine learning techniques to predict duration of surgery (dos) for elective and emergency surgeries. we study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain our model’s predictions and causal relationships. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions, and use causal inference algorithms to identify cause-effect relationships between our model and the predicted dos.", 'A5: Using a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi ) we study the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted dos. our models provide an explanation. using our prediction model, or management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.', 'A6: This paper presents a model for predicting duration of surgery (dos) for elective surgeries and emergency surgeries using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff features.', 'A7: Using a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi ) we study the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted dos.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6193
Q1:Where were surgical records obtained?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans: Tasm (a public hospital) surgery department.
['A0: Tasm (a public hospital)', 'A1: Tasm (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A2: The tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A3: From the tel aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A4: Israel.', 'A5: From', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Tasm']
Text: The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5872
Q1:A model for duration of surgery with filtered non-causal features
Q2:What is DOSM-F?
Best ans: A model for duration of surgery with filtered non-causal features
['A0: Models that use only the features in cf and the filtered non causal features were used to train the models.', 'A1: This paper presents a model for duration-of surgery with filtered non-causal features.', 'A2: Feature importance is a measure of the importance of a feature. we developed the dosm-f model to estimate the potential change in dos as a result of variations in causal feature values.', 'A3: A model for duration of surgery with filtered non-causal features.', 'A4: Model dosm-f', 'A5: Dosm-f', 'A6: Dosm-f model', 'A7: A model for duration of surgery with filtered non-causal features']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(61)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5725
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What did we do to decrease patient waiting time?
Best ans: Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery
['A0: A model that can predict the duration and cost of surgery', 'A1: Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery', 'A2: Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery from features related to patients', 'A3: Models to predict duration of surgery', 'A4: Modeling duration of surgery in hospitals', 'A5: Improve the time and cost of surgery', 'A6: Modeling duration of surgery', 'A7: Predicting duration of surgery']
Text: We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees  The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(62)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5583
Q1:Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery: a case study in or management.
Q2:What are the objectives of this paper?
Best ans: An introduction to this paper describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this work, and its objectives: to develop a model for predicting duration of surgery. to develop an explanation for each feature of the model. to analyze and explain each model’s predictions. to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. to provide a case study for or management. to describe the model and its predictions. to analyze and interpret the model’.
['A0: Using machine learning to predict durations of surgery: a case study for or management. the paper introduces the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. the state- of-the art is the use and interpretation (or interpretation) of machine learning models for the prediction of duration of surgery. the purpose of this paper was to:', 'A1: An introduction to this paper describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this work, and its objectives: to develop a model for predicting duration of surgery. to develop an explanation for each feature of the model. to analyze and explain each model’s predictions. to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. to provide a case study for or management. to describe the model and its predictions. to analyze and interpret the model’.', 'A2: An introduction to this paper describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this work, and its objectives: to develop a model for predicting duration of surgery. to develop an explanation for each feature of the model. to analyze and explain each model’s predictions. to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. to provide a case study for or management. to describe the model and its predictions.', 'A3: An introduction to this paper describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this work, and its objectives: to develop a model for predicting duration of surgery. to develop an explanation for each feature of the model. to analyze and explain each model’s predictions. to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. to provide a case study for or management.', 'A4: An introduction describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. the paper presents a case study in or management. the main purpose is to provide a model for predicting the duration of surgery. the model is used to predict the duration for elective surgeries and emergency surgeries, and to predict duration for both elective and emergency surgery classes. the models are used to identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff characteristics.', "A5: We present a case study of a hospital in india that uses machine learning to predict the duration of surgery. we present an explanation of our model and its predictions. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we analyze our models’ predictions and use expository algorithms to explain our model's predictions.", 'A6: This article is part of the "surgical management" series.', 'A7: Using machine learning to predict durations of surgery: a case study for or management.']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(63)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.479
Q1:Which features influence the duration of surgery model?
Q2:What were the 10 most influential features?
Best ans: Feature importance methods were used to identify the influential features. the 10 most influential features were: patient, surgical staff, and surgery features.
['A0: Feature importance methods were used to identify the influential features. the 10 most influential features were:', 'A1: Feature importance methods were used to identify the influential features. the 10 most influential features were: patient, surgical staff, and surgery features.', 'A2: This study presents a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A3: In this study, we present a supervised duration of surgery nonlinear regression prediction model. we introduce a novel feature set on which the model was trained. we identified the 10 most influential and 10 most causal features.', 'A4: New features and causality analysis', 'A5: A novel feature set on which the model was trained.', 'A6: Feature importance methods to identify the influential features and the 10 most causal features.', 'A7: Feature importance methods to identify the influential features and the 10 most causal features']
Text:Accurate estimation of duration of surgery (DOS) can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and operating rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised Duration of Surgery nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of duration of surgery via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of machine learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the mean absolute error (MAE) was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the gradient boosted trees (GBT). We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4778
Q1:How are the regression metrics evaluated?
Q2:What did we use to evaluate the grid search output?
Best ans: Mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square erro metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.
['A0: We used the following regression metrics: mean absolute error, mean absolutity percentage erron, and root mean square err on the grid search output.', 'A1: For the mean absolute error metrics: yi = the predicted duration of surgery value of record i ti = true value of dos, and n is the number of records. for grid search metrics: root mean square error y = the root mean of root mean sqrt error t = the total number of rows in grid search.', 'A2: Mean absolute error mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square erro metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A3: Yi is the predicted duration of surgery value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation, which is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A4: Use', 'A5: The model’s performance', 'A6: Using k-fold cross-validation', 'A7: K-fold cross-validation']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(65)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3433
Q1:How do we develop a model for duration of surgery?
Q2:What are the steps to developing a DOSM-F model?
Best ans: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set. train using only cf values.
['A0: This paper presents the method used to develop the model for duration of surgery.', 'A1: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A2: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set. train using only cf values.', 'A3: The model was trained using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A4: Training only on the cf values', 'A5: Training using only cf values allowed the cf', 'A6: Filtered non-causal feature set', 'A7: Training using only cf values']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(66)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3433
Q1:How do we develop a model for duration of surgery?
Q2:What are the steps to developing a DOSM-F model?
Best ans: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set. train using only cf values.
['A0: This paper presents the method used to develop the model for duration of surgery.', 'A1: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A2: Identify features that influence dos. filter out highly-correlated features. develop a duration of surgery prediction model using the features in the cf and filtered non-causal feature set. train using only cf values.', 'A3: The model was trained using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A4: Training only on the cf values', 'A5: Training using only cf values allowed the cf', 'A6: Filtered non-causal feature set', 'A7: Training using only cf values']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(67)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3105
Q1:How are the average treatment effect values computed?
Q2:What are the two main machine learning model types?
Best ans: To calculate the average treatment effect values, we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms.
['A0: A feature in an observational study only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimates causal effects. to develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A1: To calculate the average treatment effect values, we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A2: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects. the propensitiy score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used.', 'A3: In this paper, we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. the propensity score is the probability of a record having a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A4: Using equation', 'A5: Ate', 'A6: We used forest-based algorithms', 'A7: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate']
Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the Average Treatment Effect values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(68)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2148
Q1:Which features are important for duration of surgery prediction?
Q2:What is the dataset in this paper?
Best ans: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos.
['A0: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos. the dataset was used for the experiments.', 'A1: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos.', 'A2: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A3: Cf and filtered non-causal feature set were used to train the model. the model was trained using only cf values. the cf features were used for the duration of surgery prediction.', 'A4: Non causal', 'A5: Non-causal feature set', 'A6: Feature importance', 'A7: Filtered non-causal feature set']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(69)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2148
Q1:Which features are important for duration of surgery prediction?
Q2:What is the dataset in this paper?
Best ans: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos.
['A0: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos. the dataset was used for the experiments.', 'A1: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set. the model is based on a dataset of patients with dos.', 'A2: This paper presents a model that predicts durations of surgery using the features in cf and filtered non-causal feature set.', 'A3: Cf and filtered non-causal feature set were used to train the model. the model was trained using only cf values. the cf features were used for the duration of surgery prediction.', 'A4: Non causal', 'A5: Non-causal feature set', 'A6: Feature importance', 'A7: Filtered non-causal feature set']
Text: We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set  We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(70)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8709
Q1:What is average treatment effect of a feature and how is it calculated?
Q2:What are two main machine learning model types?
Best ans: Ate of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.
['A0: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects [31] to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A1: In this paper, we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. the propensity score is the probability of a record having a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A2: In this paper, we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. the propensity score is the probability of a record having a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A3: Ate of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main machine learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.', 'A4: Measures the difference in the mean', 'A5: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate average treatment effect', 'A6: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate', 'A7: Difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature']
Text: The average treatment effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the Average Treatment Effect values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(71)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8331
Q1:Using machine learning to predict duration of surgery: a case study in or management
Q2:What is the final section of the paper?
Best ans: We present a case study of a hospital in the united states. the paper describes the state-of-the art in machine learning for dos prediction. we present an explanation of our model and its predictions. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we analyze our models and their predictions. the results of our analysis can be used to improve or scheduling. the final section presents the results of the case.
['A0: An introduction describes the state-of-the-art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. the paper presents a case study in or management. the main purpose of this paper is to present a machine learning model that predicts durations for elective and emergency surgeries. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model that incorporates patient and surgical staff features. the models are based upon a model that is able to predict both the elective (elective) and the urgent surgery classes. the authors present an explanation for the model’s predictions and their implications for or management and scheduling.', 'A1: We present a case study of a hospital in the united states. the paper describes the state-of-the art in machine learning for dos prediction. we present an explanation of our model and its predictions. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we analyze our models and their predictions. the results of our analysis can be used to improve or scheduling. the final section presents the results of the case.', 'A2: We present a case study of a hospital in the united states. the paper describes the state-of-the art in machine learning for dos prediction. we present an explanation of our model and its predictions. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we analyze our models and their predictions.', 'A3: We present a case study of a hospital in the united states. the paper describes the state-of-the art in machine learning for dos prediction. we present an explanation of our model and its predictions. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we analyze our models and their predictions. the results of our analysis can be used to improve or scheduling. the final section presents the results of the case. we conclude with a discussion of the implications of our findings.', 'A4: In this paper, we present a case study of a hospital based on a multi-institutional model of or scheduling. we present ml models that predict the durations of surgeries for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models and causal inference algorithms to explain the model’s predictions and to improve or scheduling performance. we also present elucidation of our models’ predictions and their causal relationships.', 'A5: This article is an overview of the state-of-the-art in machine learning for the prediction of duration of surgery. it describes the state of the art in machine learning for the prediction of duration of surgery. it presents the state in which machine learning is used for the prediction of durations of surgery and the state where it is used in the prediction. it explains the state and the importance of each feature to the model and the predicted dos. it provides a case study of a hospital or management team.', 'A6: In this paper, we present a case study of a hospital based on a multi-institutional model of or scheduling. we present ml models that predict the durations of surgeries for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models and causal inference algorithms to explain the model’s predictions and to improve or scheduling performance.', 'A7: Using machine learning to predict duration opcision: a case study in or management']
Text: High cost of surgeries and operating rooms (ORs) have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in electronic health records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(72)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.7584
Q1:What is used to evaluate the grid search output
Q2:What are the metrics used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.
['A0: To evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value, t is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A1: To evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation.', 'A2: We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted duration of surgery value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A3: We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output.', 'A4: Data sets', 'A5: Performance', 'A6: Metrics', 'A7: Data']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(73)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3632
Q1:Who was trained on this dataset?
Q2:How was the model trained on the surgery dataset?
Best ans: We used a deep neural network model to train on this dataset. the model was trained on the surgery dataset.
['A0: A model was trained on this dataset.', 'A1: We used a deep neural network model to train on this dataset.', 'A2: Dnns were trained on this dataset.', 'A3: We used a deep neural network model to train on this dataset. the model was trained on the surgery dataset.', 'A4: Dr.', 'A5: Patients', 'A6: Surgeons', 'A7: Dnns']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(74)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2354
Q1:Which model is used in the study?
Q2:What is the difference between the DOSM and barket model?
Best ans: In the study, barket-fm-dosm is a duration of surgery model using the features and the methods used in barket et al, (2019) but trained on the surgery dataset. so, the final answer is barket. the mean absolute error value of our model–dosm–is lower than the mae values derived for barket
['A0: In the study, barket-fm-dosm is a duration of surgery model using the features and the methods used in barket et al, (2019) but trained on the surgery dataset. so, the final answer is barket. the mean absolute error value of our model–dosm–is lower than the mae values derived for barket', 'A1: In the study, barket-fm-dosm is a duration of surgery model using the features and the methods used in barket et al, (2019) but trained on the surgery dataset.', 'A2: In the study, barket-fm-dosm is a duration of surgery model using the features and the methods used in barket et al, (2019) but trained on the surgery dataset. so, the final answer is barket.', 'A3: Dosm-fm– is a duration of surgery model using the features and the methods used in barket and colleagues (2019) but trained on our surgery dataset. the mean absolute error value of our model–dosm–is lower than the mae values derived for barket. this comparison led to the conclusion that neither machine learning algorithms nor dataset are the source of differences in model performance. the major effector for such differences is the set of features.', 'A4: Dos', 'A5: Duration', 'A6: Dosm', 'A7: Duration of surgery model']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(75)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2331
Q1:How many percent of the surgery dataset were used for training and testing?
Q2:What percent of the surgery dataset was used for training and testing?
Best ans: 70 percent of the surgery dataset was used for training and 30 percent for testing. the final answer: 70.
['A0: We split 70 % of the surgery dataset for training and 30 % for testing. the final answer: 70.', 'A1: 70 percent of the surgery dataset was used for training and 30 percent for testing.', 'A2: 70 percent of the surgery dataset was used for training and 30 percent for testing. the final answer: 70.', 'A3: 70% of the surgery dataset was used for training and 30% for testing. the final answer: 70%.', 'A4: 30', 'A5: 30%', 'A6: 70', 'A7: 70%']
Text: Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees  and deep neural networks (DNNs) are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset  70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(76)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1891
Q1:How many percent of patients had surgery in the previous year?
Q2:What was the answer to the previous year grid search method?
Best ans: In the previous year, we used a grid search method to find the percent of patients who had surgery in the previous 12 months. the answer: 100.
['A0: In the previous year, we used a grid search method to find the percent of patients who had surgery in the previous 12 months. the answer: 100. the mean absolute error was 0.099.', 'A1: In the previous year, we used a grid search method to find the percent of patients who had surgery in the previous 12 months. the answer: 100.', 'A2: A patient has a duration of surgery that is predicted to be a year in the past. the mean absolute error is the absolute error of predicting the duration of the surgery. the root mean square error is also known as the mean absolute deviation or the mean deviation. the answer: 100.', 'A3: We used the following metrics to evaluate the performance of the model: mean absolute error: yi is predicted duration of surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of dos, and n = number of records. we used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate grid search output.', 'A4: 94.3', 'A5: 9', 'A6: 8', 'A7: 10']
Text: To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error  Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(77)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1709
Q1:Who generated best performing models?
Q2:What are the top performing models?
Best ans: Machine learning algorithms gbt gradient boosted trees
['A0: Gradient boosted trees gbt', 'A1: Gradient boosted trees', 'A2: Machine learning algorithms gbt gradient boosted trees.', 'A3: Machine learning algorithms gbt gradient boosted trees', 'A4: Bt', 'A5: Gt', 'A6: Gradient boosted trees', 'A7: Gbt']
Text: We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(78)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.124
Q1:Who is responsible of this work?
Q2:Who did the work on the surgery dataset?
Best ans: This work was done by: dr.
['A0: Laso cv algorithm', 'A1: The authors are:', 'A2: This work was done by: dr.', 'A3: This work was done by:', 'A4: Dr.', 'A5: Author', 'A6: Researchers', 'A7: Authors']
Text: Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset  The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(79)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0437
Q1:Where can we find more information about barket?
Q2:Where can you find more information about the Barket model?
Best ans: Wikipedia.com
['A0: Wikipedia.com.', 'A1: Wikipedia.com', 'A2: Wikipedia.', 'A3: Wikipedia', 'A4: Dr.', 'A5: Dosm', 'A6: Dataset', 'A7: Wikipedia']
Text: Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset  The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



