(0) RQUGE:5.0034
Q1:Which of these tasks is not covered in the article?
Q2:What is a task for which large labelled datasets are difficult to procure?
Best ans: medical diagnosis tasks
['A0: For contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed', 'A1: Models trained on biased data are vulnerable to become biased themselves57. To create models ready for deployment, a priority is to ensure that the models are taught to use unbiased data that match the data distribution of the deployment setting.', 'A2: Data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed for contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks.', 'A3: Data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed for contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks. To avoid perpetuating biases found in historical data, new data will need to be collected and scrutinized to meet high standards of quality.', 'A4: medical diagnosis', 'A5: medical diagnosis tasks', 'A6: generating-learning tasks', 'A7: Data specific augmentation strategies and techniques']
Text:Building models that rely on multimodal data will require compiling datasets that incorporate data from medical tests from many patients. Models relying on comprehensive data and self-supervised learning will probably lead to more reliable clinical implementations in real-world settings. To avoid perpetuating biases found in historical data, new data will need to be collected and scrutinized to meet high standards for quality. Models trained on biased data are vulnerable to become biased themselves57. New systems will need to be built to support data acquisition for self-supervised models. Labelling services (such as Amazon Mechanical Turk) have become popular for procuring labelled large datasets. To create models ready for deployment, a priority is to ensure that the models are trained on unbiased data that match the data distribution of the deployment setting. This is particularly relevant for training models to perform medical-diagnosis tasks for which large labelled datasets are difficult to procure. For contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks, data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed. Self-supervised learning leveraging multimodal data will enable the creation of high-performing models that better ‘understand’ the underlying physiology.



(1) RQUGE:4.8855
Q1:What is the advantage of defining labels for generative pre-training?
Q2:What does defining labels allow for?
Best ans: defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning.
['A0: The application of supervised-learning techniques to self - Supervised learning.', 'A1: For instance, Wikipedia does not contain any definitions for the words in the corpus and hence does not have any labels for individual words', 'A2: defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning.', 'A3: A model that can successfully predict the missing word must also ‘understand’ its meaning (and hence, it can effectively ‘read’)', 'A4: for applications', 'A5: applies', 'A6: gives', 'A7: applications']
Text:To do this can be applied by training an encoder model to produce similar embeddings (representations of discrete variables as continuous vectors) across the two images. In generative pre-training, defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning. For instance, Wikipedia does not contain any definitions for the words in the corpus and hence does not have any labels for individual words. A model that can successfully predict the missing word must also ‘understand’ its meaning (and hence, it can effectively ‘read’) Text-masking techniques can be easily extended to tasks in the medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences. Time-series data (such as electroencephalography scans) can be used to frame a pre-training problem for the prediction of the next period. In addition, images, which can be pre-trained via contrastive loss, can also be used for generative tasks. Masked-word pre-training (guessing the hidden word via context words) has been extensively used after the development of transformers—a state-of-the-art class of neural-network architectures for language tasks. Transformers have recently been applied to non-textual data, including images and protein structures, including protein structures. A direct application of generative self-supervised learning is the parsing of EHRs. Generative language models can also be applied to protein sequences and bioelectric waveforms from the brain (from electroencephalography) and the heart (ECG traces) can be used to solve particular medical tasks, such as disease detection from text. Self-supervised learning is limited by the difficulty in finding and selecting useful pre-training tasks. The performance of the model is highly dependent on the data-augmentation technique used. The implication is that new medical diagnosis tasks with limited labelled samples could be addressed using machine learning. After training, some models have required fewer labelled examples to reach the same performance than models trained only through supervised learning. There is no indication that applying a language-masking method will necessarily result in a high-performing model. This is particularly meaningful for rare pathologies, for which building datasets is naturally more difficult.



(2) RQUGE:4.8133
Q1:What are the challenges and opportunities of self-supervised learning in healthcare?
Q2:What is the advantage of using unlabelled medical data to train self-supervised models?
Best ans: Using unlabelled medical data to train self-supervised models is a better method for the first phase of training, as models learn about the specific medical domain, even in the absence of explicit labels.
['A0: A recent review of self-supervised learning in healthcare.', 'A1: This review discusses the challenges and opportunities of self-supervised learning in healthcare.', 'A2: In this Review, we highlight recently developed and promising sets of techniques for self-supervised learning, and their challenges and opportunities when used in healthcare', 'A3: Using unlabelled medical data to train self-supervised models is a better method for the first phase of training, as models learn about the specific medical domain, even in the absence of explicit labels.', 'A4: Collect unlabelled medical data', 'A5: challenges in collecting unbiased. data for their training.', 'A6: challenges in collecting unbiased. data for their training', 'A7: Collection of unbiased data for their training.']
Text:Algorithms for medical Artificial intelligence (AI) have been developed on medical tasks intended to diagnose, predict and recommend treatments. The success of these applications relies heavily on the availability of annotated datasets. Addressing this bottleneck would enable the development of accurate AI algorithms for a much broader range of tasks in health and disease, from diagnostics to monitoring to treatment decisions. In this Review, we highlight recently developed and promising sets of techniques in self-supervised learning, and their challenges and opportunities when used in healthcare. Medical datasets carefully annotated by experts are hard to create at scale. This is partly because, for most medical tasks, building the required large datasets would prove inordinately expensive. Still, there has been insufficient commitment to expand the resources needed to create such annotated datasets. For common image types, such as chest X-ray images, images of skin lesions, retinal photographs and brain computed-tomography scans, the existing datasets have been repeatedly used. Non-medical deep-learning models have been incredibly successful when trained on ImageNet. The development of medical applications of machine learning has required manual annotation of data, often by medical experts. Unlike labelled datasets, which are difficult to create, unlabelled medical data are plentiful. Unlabelled datasets can be leveraged to build self-supervised models that learn complex structures in the data via new tools. The development is a better method for the first phase of training, as the model then learns about the specific medical domain, even in the absence of explicit labels. We highlight self-supervised methods and models for use in medicine and healthcare. We discuss the advantages and limitations of their application to tasks involving electronic health records and datasets of medical images, bioelectrical signals, and sequences and structures of genes and proteins. We also discuss the challenges in collecting unbiased data for their training. We discuss promising applications for the development of models leveraging multimodal datasets, and the challenges of collecting unbiased. data to train models on a large set of labelled examples for the final medical task. The primary objective of pre-training a model with contrastive learning is to make the model associate similar samples and dissociate dissimilar samples.



(4) RQUGE:4.6103
Q1:How can we leverage unlabelled medical data to train self-supervised models?
Q2:What is the primary objective of pre-training a model with contrastive learning?
Best ans: A review on the use of unlabelled medical data for medical applications of machine learning. The primary objective of pre-training is to make the model associate similar samples and dissociate dissimilar samples.
['A0: This paper presents a review of recent developments in self-supervised learning for healthcare applications.', 'A1: A review on the use of unlabelled medical data for medical applications of machine learning.', 'A2: A review on the use of unlabelled medical data for medical applications of machine learning. The primary objective of pre-training is to make the model associate similar samples and dissociate dissimilar samples.', 'A3: In the medical domain, unlabelled data is plentiful. Unlabelled datasets can be leveraged to build self supervised models that learn complex structures in the data via new tools. The development is a better method for the first phase of training, as the model then learns about the specific medical domain.', 'A4: Learning from multimodal datasets', 'A5: In this Review, we highlight recently developed and promising sets', 'A6: A review of recent developments in self-supervised learning for medical applications', 'A7: Using unlabelled medical data to train self-supervised models']
Text:Algorithms for medical Artificial intelligence (AI) have been developed on medical tasks intended to diagnose, predict and recommend treatments. The success of these applications relies heavily on the availability of annotated datasets. Addressing this bottleneck would enable the development of accurate AI algorithms for a much broader range of tasks in health and disease, from diagnostics to monitoring to treatment decisions. In this Review, we highlight recently developed and promising sets of techniques in self-supervised learning, and their challenges and opportunities when used in healthcare. Medical datasets carefully annotated by experts are hard to create at scale. This is partly because, for most medical tasks, building the required large datasets would prove inordinately expensive. Still, there has been insufficient commitment to expand the resources needed to create such annotated datasets. For common image types, such as chest X-ray images, images of skin lesions, retinal photographs and brain computed-tomography scans, the existing datasets have been repeatedly used. Non-medical deep-learning models have been incredibly successful when trained on ImageNet. The development of medical applications of machine learning has required manual annotation of data, often by medical experts. Unlike labelled datasets, which are difficult to create, unlabelled medical data are plentiful. Unlabelled datasets can be leveraged to build self-supervised models that learn complex structures in the data via new tools. The development is a better method for the first phase of training, as the model then learns about the specific medical domain, even in the absence of explicit labels. We highlight self-supervised methods and models for use in medicine and healthcare. We discuss the advantages and limitations of their application to tasks involving electronic health records and datasets of medical images, bioelectrical signals, and sequences and structures of genes and proteins. We also discuss the challenges in collecting unbiased data for their training. We discuss promising applications for the development of models leveraging multimodal datasets, and the challenges of collecting unbiased. data to train models on a large set of labelled examples for the final medical task. The primary objective of pre-training a model with contrastive learning is to make the model associate similar samples and dissociate dissimilar samples.



(7) RQUGE:3.8218
Q1:In what domains are text-masking techniques used for tasks?
Q2:What can text-masking techniques be easily extended to?
Best ans: Medical tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences.
['A0: tasks in medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences.', 'A1: The medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHR) or protein sequences.', 'A2: Medical tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences.', 'A3: Text-masking techniques can be easily extended to tasks in the medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences', 'A4: EHRs', 'A5: medicine', 'A6: the medical domain', 'A7: medical']
Text:To do this can be applied by training an encoder model to produce similar embeddings (representations of discrete variables as continuous vectors) across the two images. In generative pre-training, defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning. For instance, Wikipedia does not contain any definitions for the words in the corpus and hence does not have any labels for individual words. A model that can successfully predict the missing word must also ‘understand’ its meaning (and hence, it can effectively ‘read’) Text-masking techniques can be easily extended to tasks in the medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences. Time-series data (such as electroencephalography scans) can be used to frame a pre-training problem for the prediction of the next period. In addition, images, which can be pre-trained via contrastive loss, can also be used for generative tasks. Masked-word pre-training (guessing the hidden word via context words) has been extensively used after the development of transformers—a state-of-the-art class of neural-network architectures for language tasks. Transformers have recently been applied to non-textual data, including images and protein structures, including protein structures. A direct application of generative self-supervised learning is the parsing of EHRs. Generative language models can also be applied to protein sequences and bioelectric waveforms from the brain (from electroencephalography) and the heart (ECG traces) can be used to solve particular medical tasks, such as disease detection from text. Self-supervised learning is limited by the difficulty in finding and selecting useful pre-training tasks. The performance of the model is highly dependent on the data-augmentation technique used. The implication is that new medical diagnosis tasks with limited labelled samples could be addressed using machine learning. After training, some models have required fewer labelled examples to reach the same performance than models trained only through supervised learning. There is no indication that applying a language-masking method will necessarily result in a high-performing model. This is particularly meaningful for rare pathologies, for which building datasets is naturally more difficult.



(10) RQUGE:3.0571
Q1:Which of these tasks can be used for generative learning?
Q2:What are the three steps that a model must follow to successfully predict a missing word?
Best ans: Identify the missing word in the text. Identify a missing word. Define the missing words.
['A0: Identify the missing word in the text. Identify a missing word.', 'A1: Identify the missing word in the text. Identify a missing word. Define the missing words.', 'A2: Identify the missing word in the text. Identify a missing word. Define the missing words. Describe the missing data.', 'A3: Image classification can be used for generative learning. Time-series data (such as electroencephalography scans) can frame a pre-training problem for the prediction of the next period.', 'A4: EHR', 'A5: image', 'A6: image classification', 'A7: defining labels']
Text:To do this can be applied by training an encoder model to produce similar embeddings (representations of discrete variables as continuous vectors) across the two images. In generative pre-training, defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning. For instance, Wikipedia does not contain any definitions for the words in the corpus and hence does not have any labels for individual words. A model that can successfully predict the missing word must also ‘understand’ its meaning (and hence, it can effectively ‘read’) Text-masking techniques can be easily extended to tasks in the medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences. Time-series data (such as electroencephalography scans) can be used to frame a pre-training problem for the prediction of the next period. In addition, images, which can be pre-trained via contrastive loss, can also be used for generative tasks. Masked-word pre-training (guessing the hidden word via context words) has been extensively used after the development of transformers—a state-of-the-art class of neural-network architectures for language tasks. Transformers have recently been applied to non-textual data, including images and protein structures, including protein structures. A direct application of generative self-supervised learning is the parsing of EHRs. Generative language models can also be applied to protein sequences and bioelectric waveforms from the brain (from electroencephalography) and the heart (ECG traces) can be used to solve particular medical tasks, such as disease detection from text. Self-supervised learning is limited by the difficulty in finding and selecting useful pre-training tasks. The performance of the model is highly dependent on the data-augmentation technique used. The implication is that new medical diagnosis tasks with limited labelled samples could be addressed using machine learning. After training, some models have required fewer labelled examples to reach the same performance than models trained only through supervised learning. There is no indication that applying a language-masking method will necessarily result in a high-performing model. This is particularly meaningful for rare pathologies, for which building datasets is naturally more difficult.



(11) RQUGE:2.8839
Q1:Why are models trained on biased data vulnerable?
Q2:What are some issues with models trained on biased data?
Best ans: They are vulnerable to become biased themselves57. To avoid perpetuating biases found in historical data, new data will need to be collected and scrutinized to meet high standards for quality.
['A0: They are vulnerable to become biased themselves57.', 'A1: For contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed.', 'A2: For contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed', 'A3: They are vulnerable to become biased themselves57. To avoid perpetuating biases found in historical data, new data will need to be collected and scrutinized to meet high standards for quality.', 'A4: become biased themselves57.', 'A5: become biased themselves57', 'A6: to become biased themselves57', 'A7: become biased themselves']
Text:Building models that rely on multimodal data will require compiling datasets that incorporate data from medical tests from many patients. Models relying on comprehensive data and self-supervised learning will probably lead to more reliable clinical implementations in real-world settings. To avoid perpetuating biases found in historical data, new data will need to be collected and scrutinized to meet high standards for quality. Models trained on biased data are vulnerable to become biased themselves57. New systems will need to be built to support data acquisition for self-supervised models. Labelling services (such as Amazon Mechanical Turk) have become popular for procuring labelled large datasets. To create models ready for deployment, a priority is to ensure that the models are trained on unbiased data that match the data distribution of the deployment setting. This is particularly relevant for training models to perform medical-diagnosis tasks for which large labelled datasets are difficult to procure. For contrastive-learning and generative-learning tasks, data-specific augmentation strategies and techniques are needed. Self-supervised learning leveraging multimodal data will enable the creation of high-performing models that better ‘understand’ the underlying physiology.



(16) RQUGE:1.066
Q1:Who developed transformer?
Q2:Who has developed transformers?
Best ans: The following is a list of notable people who have developed transformers:
['A0: Wikipedia', 'A1: a state-of the-art class of neural-network architectures for language tasks.', 'A2: The following is a list of notable people who have developed transformers:', 'A3: Transformers have recently been applied to non textual data, including images and protein structures, including protein structures.', 'A4: Masked', 'A5: A state', 'A6: the development', 'A7: A']
Text:To do this can be applied by training an encoder model to produce similar embeddings (representations of discrete variables as continuous vectors) across the two images. In generative pre-training, defining labels allows for the application of supervised-learning techniques to self-Supervised learning. For instance, Wikipedia does not contain any definitions for the words in the corpus and hence does not have any labels for individual words. A model that can successfully predict the missing word must also ‘understand’ its meaning (and hence, it can effectively ‘read’) Text-masking techniques can be easily extended to tasks in the medical domain, such as tasks involving electronic health records (EHRs) or protein sequences. Time-series data (such as electroencephalography scans) can be used to frame a pre-training problem for the prediction of the next period. In addition, images, which can be pre-trained via contrastive loss, can also be used for generative tasks. Masked-word pre-training (guessing the hidden word via context words) has been extensively used after the development of transformers—a state-of-the-art class of neural-network architectures for language tasks. Transformers have recently been applied to non-textual data, including images and protein structures, including protein structures. A direct application of generative self-supervised learning is the parsing of EHRs. Generative language models can also be applied to protein sequences and bioelectric waveforms from the brain (from electroencephalography) and the heart (ECG traces) can be used to solve particular medical tasks, such as disease detection from text. Self-supervised learning is limited by the difficulty in finding and selecting useful pre-training tasks. The performance of the model is highly dependent on the data-augmentation technique used. The implication is that new medical diagnosis tasks with limited labelled samples could be addressed using machine learning. After training, some models have required fewer labelled examples to reach the same performance than models trained only through supervised learning. There is no indication that applying a language-masking method will necessarily result in a high-performing model. This is particularly meaningful for rare pathologies, for which building datasets is naturally more difficult.



