Q1:Why did they decide to do something about it?
Q2:What did Leminda do?
Best ans: They couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text. So they decided to bring this powerful technology to the general public.
['A0: The problem many students, academics, and researchers face is that they skim through long pieces of text and not understand a thing', 'A1: They couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text.', 'A2: Because they couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text. So they decided to bring this powerful technology to the general public.', 'A3: They couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text. So they decided to bring this powerful technology to the general public.', 'A4: They could not understand the long articles.', 'A5: They could not understand the long articles', 'A6: a problem many students, academics, and researchers face.', 'A7: a problem many students, academics, and researchers face']Text:Our Story - After another long article made our eyes spin, we decided to do something about it. Because we couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text - or even worse- skimming through long pieces of text and not understanding a thing. It is a problem many students, academics, and researchers face. Now it was time to bring this powerful technology to the general public. But what use there is in fragmented summaries when you really need all your notes in one place so you can study or prepare that research paper? And even once you had all those papers together, wouldn’t it be more useful if you can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes or better, to incorporate all that material into a built-in study planner? A study planner that would detect where you are struggling and adapt your study plan accordingly. That is how Leminda came to be. An All-in-One Academic platform so you can summarise, organize and revise all the material in one place - saving you time and stress.


Q1:Who decided to do something about it after another long article made their eyes spin?
Q2:What is the story of Leminda?
Best ans: Leminda was founded by a group of people who were tired of skimming through long articles.
['A0: A team from Leminda.', 'A1: We, the founders of Leminda.', 'A2: The author of the article was the founder of Leminda.', 'A3: Leminda was founded by a group of people who were tired of skimming through long articles.', 'A4: We.', 'A5: researchers', 'A6: Leminda', 'A7: We']Text:Our Story - After another long article made our eyes spin, we decided to do something about it. Because we couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text - or even worse- skimming through long pieces of text and not understanding a thing. It is a problem many students, academics, and researchers face. Now it was time to bring this powerful technology to the general public. But what use there is in fragmented summaries when you really need all your notes in one place so you can study or prepare that research paper? And even once you had all those papers together, wouldn’t it be more useful if you can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes or better, to incorporate all that material into a built-in study planner? A study planner that would detect where you are struggling and adapt your study plan accordingly. That is how Leminda came to be. An All-in-One Academic platform so you can summarise, organize and revise all the material in one place - saving you time and stress.


Q1:Where can you find the article?
Q2:Where can the article be found about Leminda?
Best ans: The article can be found on the website: http://www.leminda.com/.
['A0: A website that provides information about Leminda.', 'A1: In the article, the author describes how Leminda helps students to organize their notes and study more efficiently.', 'A2: The article can be found on the website: http://www.leminda.com/.', 'A3: Students, academics, and researchers face a problem with long text and not understanding a thing.', 'A4: (iv)', 'A5: [d].', 'A6: a website', 'A7: Leminda']Text:Our Story - After another long article made our eyes spin, we decided to do something about it. Because we couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text - or even worse- skimming through long pieces of text and not understanding a thing. It is a problem many students, academics, and researchers face. Now it was time to bring this powerful technology to the general public. But what use there is in fragmented summaries when you really need all your notes in one place so you can study or prepare that research paper? And even once you had all those papers together, wouldn’t it be more useful if you can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes or better, to incorporate all that material into a built-in study planner? A study planner that would detect where you are struggling and adapt your study plan accordingly. That is how Leminda came to be. An All-in-One Academic platform so you can summarise, organize and revise all the material in one place - saving you time and stress.


Q1:Which of these is NOT a benefit of the Leminda platform?
Q2:What would be more useful than a summary?
Best ans: To generate automatic quizzes
['A0: To generate automatic quizzes.', 'A1: The platform is designed to help students organize their notes.', 'A2: To generate automatic quizzes', 'A3: You can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes.', 'A4: the ability to generate automatic quizzes', 'A5: to generate automatic quizzes', 'A6: a built-in study planner', 'A7: generate automatic quizzes']Text:Our Story - After another long article made our eyes spin, we decided to do something about it. Because we couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text - or even worse- skimming through long pieces of text and not understanding a thing. It is a problem many students, academics, and researchers face. Now it was time to bring this powerful technology to the general public. But what use there is in fragmented summaries when you really need all your notes in one place so you can study or prepare that research paper? And even once you had all those papers together, wouldn’t it be more useful if you can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes or better, to incorporate all that material into a built-in study planner? A study planner that would detect where you are struggling and adapt your study plan accordingly. That is how Leminda came to be. An All-in-One Academic platform so you can summarise, organize and revise all the material in one place - saving you time and stress.


Q1:The author of the passage is a?
Q2:Who is Leminda aimed at?
Best ans: Student
['A0: Academics', 'A1: Student', 'A2: student', 'A3: academic', 'A4: academics', 'A5: entrepreneur', 'A6: students', 'A7: student']Text:Our Story - After another long article made our eyes spin, we decided to do something about it. Because we couldn’t be the only ones getting fatigued with long text - or even worse- skimming through long pieces of text and not understanding a thing. It is a problem many students, academics, and researchers face. Now it was time to bring this powerful technology to the general public. But what use there is in fragmented summaries when you really need all your notes in one place so you can study or prepare that research paper? And even once you had all those papers together, wouldn’t it be more useful if you can utilize your notes to generate automatic quizzes or better, to incorporate all that material into a built-in study planner? A study planner that would detect where you are struggling and adapt your study plan accordingly. That is how Leminda came to be. An All-in-One Academic platform so you can summarise, organize and revise all the material in one place - saving you time and stress.

