(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1246
Q1:How many facts does rome edit?
Q2:How many facts does Rank-one Model Editing edit at a time?
Best ans: One
['A0: This question is relevant because the final answer: it only edits a single fact at a time.', 'A1: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. it only edits one fact at time. therefore, the final answer is one.', 'A2: Rank-one model editing edits one fact at a time. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is one.', 'A3: ', 'A4: One facts', 'A5: One', 'A6: One fact', 'A7: Single']
Text: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0881
Q1:Who wrote this article?
Q2:Whose area of work is medicine?
Best ans: Pierre curie
['A0: A. j. sneddon and j. a. smoot', 'A1: This article was written by: physicist pierre curie.', 'A2: Pierre curie', 'A3: Pierre curie’s area of work is medicine gpt-2 xl. this article was written by pierre curie.', 'A4: Sally quincey', 'A5: R. j', 'A6: John mcafee', 'A7: Gpt-2 xl.']
Text: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0625
Q1:We have clarified the information flow during knowledge recall in what?
Q2:What has the study done on the information flow in autoregressive transformers?
Best ans: Autoregressive transformer. we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers.
['A0: Autoreteggish transformers', 'A1: Autoregressive transformer. we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers.', 'A2: In autoregressive transformers, the information flow during knowledge recall is clarified in the following way:', 'A3: The information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers.', 'A4: Self', 'A5: Analytic models', 'A6: Autoregression transformers', 'A7: Self reinforcement learning']
Text: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing  Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(3)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0608
Q1:Do causal effects allow us to measure the causal structure of models?
Q2:can a model learn from its own data
Best ans: Yes
['A0: Model editing is the process of editing a model by changing its parameters. model editing can be done by a variety of methods, including: rank one model editing parameter intervention', 'A1: Using a causal tracing method, we measure the causal structure within models by measuring whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge.', 'A2: This paper presents a method to measure the causal structure of models. we use our causal tracing method.', 'A3: This paper presents a method to measure the causal structure of models. we use our causal tracing method. we compare our method to previous methods.', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.031
Q1:Analyzing the storage and recall of factual associations
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: Analyzing the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models
['A0: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: Analyzing the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A2: Analyzing the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models', 'A3: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Authors: baulab', 'A6: Authors', 'A7: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0041
Q1:How do we measure causal structure of models?
Q2:What method do we use to measure the causal structure of models?
Best ans: Causal tracing method
['A0: Using a causal tracing method, we measure the causal structure and knowledge of models.', 'A1: In this paper, we use the causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A2: This paper presents a method for measuring causal structure of models.', 'A3: To measure causal structure of models, we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A4: Causal tracing', 'A5: Causal tracing method', 'A6: Rank-one model editing parameter intervention', 'A7: Using our causal tracing method']
Text: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(6)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0041
Q1:Which method is used to measure causal structure of models?
Q2:What method do we use to measure the causal structure of models?
Best ans: Causal tracing method
['A0: Rank-one model editing parameter intervention', 'A1: Our method uses the causal tracing method.', 'A2: A common strategy is to define an empty prompt, and let a masked lm complete it. we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.', 'A3: To measure causal structure of models, we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A4: Gaussian regression', 'A5: Causal traceing', 'A6: Causal trace', 'A7: Causal tracing method']
Text: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9987
Q1:What is the purpose of the causal tracing method?
Q2:What does the Causal Tracing method do?
Best ans: Causal tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors.
['A0: Paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects', 'A1: This paper introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects.', 'A2: Causal tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A3: We use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.', 'A4: Explicitly measuring', 'A5: To assess', 'A6: Measure causal structure in models', 'A7: Measure causal structure']
Text: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9902
Q1:Which layer of the model is used to model causal states?
Q2:At what layer did the AIE=8.7% occur?
Best ans: Layer 15
['A0: Layer 15', 'A1: Midlayer mlp', 'A2: 15th layer', 'A3: Aie=8.7% at layer 15', 'A4: Medium', 'A5: Middle', 'A6: 15', 'A7: Layer 15']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(9)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9674
Q1:Which model editing approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously?
Q2:What achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously?
Best ans: Rome
['A0: Rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is a model editing approach that achieves both good generalizability and specificitiy simultaneously.', 'A1: The rome approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous fine-tuning methods.', 'A2: Rome is a model editing approach that achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is based on interpretability-based methods.', 'A3: Model editing approaches that are interpretability-based sacrifice one or the other. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A4: Rame', 'A5: Model editing', 'A6: Rome', 'A7: ']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(10)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9674
Q1:Which model editing approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously?
Q2:What achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously?
Best ans: Rome
['A0: Rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is a model editing approach that achieves both good generalizability and specificitiy simultaneously.', 'A1: The rome approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous fine-tuning methods.', 'A2: Rome is a model editing approach that achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is based on interpretability-based methods.', 'A3: Model editing approaches that are interpretability-based sacrifice one or the other. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A4: Rame', 'A5: Model editing', 'A6: Rome', 'A7: ']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9575
Q1:Using an autoregressive transformer model, which of these is not true?
Q2:Using an autoregressive transformer model, which of these is not true?
Best ans: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.
['A0: B', 'A1: C', 'A2: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A3: (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A4: [a]', 'A5: B', 'A6: C', 'A7: Mlp contributions dominate the early site']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(12)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9381
Q1:Do we store factual associations along three dimensions?
Q2:is the mlp module part of the three-dimensional memory model
Best ans: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.
['A0: This hypothesis localizes factual association.', 'A1: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions.', 'A2: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.', 'A3: The hypothesis is that factual associations are stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9145
Q1:What are the benefits of rome over other methods?
Q2:What does ROME achieve?
Best ans: Compared to previous fine-tuning (zhu and colleagues, 2020), interpretability-based methods, rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.
['A0: This paper propose an interpretability-based method for achieving good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A1: To achieve good generalization and specificity simultaneously, rome achieves good generalizability and specificitiy simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A2: The rome method achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A3: Compared to previous fine-tuning (zhu and colleagues, 2020), interpretability-based methods, rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A4: Generalizability', 'A5: Achieved good generalization and specificity', 'A6: Good generalization and specificity simultaneous simultaneously', 'A7: Good generalization and specificity']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(14)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7636
Q1:For example, what are two examples of the same case? choose your answer from:
Q2:What is the purpose of the integrated gradients saliency maps?
Best ans: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and figure 11
['A0: Contextual examples of the same case include:', 'A1: This is an example for an integrated gradients saliency map.', 'A2: For example, in figure 9, the mean causal traces are shown in figure 7 and in figure 15. the saliency maps are shown as in figure 16.', 'A3: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and in figure 11.', 'A4: Image courtesy of the wikipedia', 'A5: The same case with two different models', 'A6: Comparison of mean causal traces across different model sizes', 'A7: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and figure 11']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(15)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.755
Q1:What is a new discovery about the language model?
Q2:What is surprising about the language model?
Best ans: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model.
['A0: A new discovery is that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers are not surprising.', 'A1: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model. the final answer: (b) mlp contributions dominate.', 'A2: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model.', 'A3: The final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state. strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery.', 'A4: C', 'A5: Highly clinical', 'A6: Strong causality', 'A7: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(16)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7245
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What is COUNTERFACT?
Best ans: A dataset for evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models
['A0: Efficacy and specificity of language models', 'A1: A dataset for evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A2: A dataset for evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models', 'A3: This paper presents an evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models', 'A4: Model-editing', 'A5: Model-editing benchmark', 'A6: Evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A7: Evaluate counterfactual edits in language models']
Text: Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score  PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7146
Q1:Which method is used to solve for the optimal input of a convolutional network?
Q2:How does the optimization affect the model weights?
Best ans: Optimization does not directly alter model weight; it identifies a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module represents the new property for the subject s.
['A0: Optimize  wk  v.', 'A1: W = v k+', 'A2: Optimization does not directly alter model weight; it identifies a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module represents the new property for the subject s.', 'A3: The solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A4: Eqn.4a', 'A5: G', 'A6: Minimization', 'A7: Optimization']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(18)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7143
Q1:Rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models
Q2:What method is used to test the finding in model weights?
Best ans: Rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models.
['A0: Gpt models can predict facts about the world.', 'A1: This work presents a method for rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt model.', 'A2: We propose a method for rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models.', 'A3: Rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models.', 'A4: Factual knowledge is stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A5: Rank-one model editing for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models.', 'A6: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A7: A rank one model editing method for factual knowledge prediction in gpt models']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7052
Q1:Does rome achieve better specificity than previous fine-tuning methods?
Q2:What is the difference between the fine-tuning and ROME methods?
Best ans: Rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome is a method for achieving good generalizabity and specificitiy simultaneously.
['A0: Rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome is a method for achieving good generalizabity and specificitiy simultaneously.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves both good generalisation and specification simultaneously.', 'A2: Rome is a method for achieving generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome achieves good generalization while sacrificing one or the other simultaneously. the final answer: yes.', 'A3: Rome is a method for achieving generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome achieves good generalization while sacrificing one or the other simultaneously. the final answer: yes', 'A4: Generalization', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(20)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6941
Q1:Why does rank-one model editing achieve good generalization and specificity?
Q2:What is the difference between ROME and other model editing approaches?
Best ans: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.
['A0: In order to achieve generalization and specificity simultaneously, rome achieves both at the same time.', 'A1: The rome approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously.', 'A2: A model editing method that achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A3: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A4: Interpretation', 'A5: Simultaneous simultaneous', 'A6: Simultaneous', 'A7: Simultaneously simultaneously']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(21)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6812
Q1:Is knowledge editing a problem in learning?
Q2:is knowledge editing a fundamental problem in learning
Best ans: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem. the answer is yes.
['A0: Rank-one model editing parameter intervention is a method for learning to edit knowledge. knowledge editing has been explored in several directions, including causal effects, causal indirect effects, and causal structure of networks.', 'A1: We use a single-layer model editing parameter intervention to measure knowledge editing. knowledge editing is an important problem in learning.', 'A2: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem. the answer is yes.', 'A3: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem. the answer is yes. the question of what a model learns is posed from several directions.', 'A4: No', 'A5: Knowledge editing', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text: The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal indirect effects of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(22)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6688
Q1:Modeling factor knowledge for large language models
Q2:What does the paper investigate?
Best ans: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: This work presents a method for obtaining factual knowledge from a large-scale language model.', 'A1: We propose a method to model factual knowledge in large-scale language models.', 'A2: Modeling factor knowledge for large language models.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one model editing for large language models', 'A5: The space needle is located in the city of,', 'A6: Rank-one model editing', 'A7: The space needle is located in the city of']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(23)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6654
Q1:Learning to recall factual associations in transformer language models
Q2:What do we find evidence of?
Best ans: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models are localized, directly-editable computations.
['A0: Models for storing and recalling factual associations in transformer language models', 'A1: Rank-one model editing (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to update factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A2: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models are localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: Learning to recall factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A4: Model editing of transformer language models', 'A5: Rank-one model editing (rome)', 'A6: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models', 'A7: Learning to recall factual associations in transformer language models.']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6617
Q1:Why does rome shed light on factual association within gpt
Q2:What is the purpose of rank-one model editing?
Best ans: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is learned beliefs. rank-one model editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage.
['A0: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is learned beliefs. rank-one model editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. therefore, the final answer is factual.', 'A2: It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge', 'A3: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is learned beliefs.', 'A4: Serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A5: It is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training', 'A6: Rank-one model editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A7: To serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage']
Text: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(25)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6343
Q1:How is rome compared to other fine-tuning approaches?
Q2:What is the difference between rome and zhu et al.?
Best ans: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. compared to previous fine-tuning (zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, rome achieves good generalization achieves specificity.
['A0: Aims to generalize and specificize the model. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. compared to previous fine-tuning (zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, rome achieves good generalization achieves specificity.', 'A2: Rank-one model editing achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. compared to previous fine-tuning (zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, rome achieves good generalization achieves specificity', 'A3: We find that rank-one model editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. romet achieves both generalization and specificity.', 'A4: Simultaneously', 'A5: Simultaneously simultaneously', 'A6: Good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneous', 'A7: Good generalization and specificity simultaneously']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(26)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6332
Q1:Where can i find this work?
Q2:Where can the Rank-one Model Editing Code be found?
Best ans: Open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info
['A0: Open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A1: Open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info', 'A2: Https://rome.baulab.info', 'A3: The work is published in the journal of machine learning.', 'A4: Open-source', 'A5: Open source', 'A6: Online', 'A7: Open-source model editor']
Text: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing  Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6113
Q1:What is a factorial association?
Q2:What do we find evidence of?
Best ans: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.
['A0: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing (rome) is a method for editing the model of a transformer language model.', 'A2: A causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions.', 'A3: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Factorial associations are localized computations that are directly editable.', 'A6: Factual association', 'A7: Factual association in transformer language models']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(28)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6032
Q1:What is the mechanism for storing factual associations?
Q2:What is the basis of the architecture?
Best ans: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp.', 'A1: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. could be stored in either the middle layer or the last layer of the mlp.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: Iii', 'A5: Middle layer', 'A6: Memory localization', 'A7: Mlp modules']
Text: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(29)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6032
Q1:What is the mechanism for storing factual associations?
Q2:What is the basis of the architecture?
Best ans: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp.', 'A1: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. could be stored in either the middle layer or the last layer of the mlp.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: Iii', 'A5: Middle layer', 'A6: Memory localization', 'A7: Mlp modules']
Text: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(30)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.535
Q1:The authors propose a method for analyzing a causal graph using g.
Q2:How do we select ?
Best ans: In this paper, we propose a method for analyzing a causal graph using g, which is a graph representation of the underlying causal graph. we use the gpt method for causal mediation analysis. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.
['A0: This method is similar to the one used in gpt. the authors use g to analyze a causal graph.', 'A1: In this paper, we propose a method for analyzing a causal graph using g, which is a graph representation of the underlying causal graph. we use the gpt method for causal mediation analysis.', 'A2: G is a cnn model that uses a grid of states to represent the information of the network. the grid of state is modeled as a g graph. the authors propose a method for analyzing a causal graph using g.', 'A3: In this paper, we propose a method for analyzing a causal graph using g, which is a graph representation of the underlying causal graph. we use the gpt method for causal mediation analysis. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: Corrupted', 'A5: G.', 'A6: Corruption with restoration', 'A7: G']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(31)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4903
Q1:Which of the following is the best example of a supervised learning method?
Q2:How is a model trained on a dataset?
Best ans: Using a model that is trained on a dataset. using the model as a training set.
['A0: Using a model that is trained on a dataset.', 'A1: Learning to recognize the difference between a normal and an abnormal heart beat.', 'A2: Using a model that is trained on a dataset. using the model as a training set.', 'A3: A model is trained to learn the relationship between two variables. the model is then trained to predict the relationship. the final answer: supervised learning.', 'A4: Image classification using a computer model', 'A5: Learning from a model', 'A6: Supervised learning', 'A7: Image classification']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(32)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4672
Q1:In which layer of a neural network is attention important for the late site?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question about attention?
Best ans: The last layer of a neural network is the mlp layer. attention is important at the late site. the final answer: (c).
['A0: C) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. the final answer: (c).', 'A1: Mlp contributions dominate the early site. attention is important at the late site in middle layers. the final answer: (b).', 'A2: The last layer of a neural network is the mlp layer. attention is important at the late site. the final answer: (c).', 'A3: ', 'A4: Middle', 'A5: Mlp', 'A6: Final output', 'A7: Last']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(33)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.454
Q1:Rome is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.
Q2:What does this paper evaluate?
Best ans: This paper evaluates rank one model editing on the zero shot re-
['A0: This paper evaluates rank one model editing on the zero shot re-', 'A1: Rank one model editing on the zero-shot re-', 'A2: Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact', 'A3: This paper evaluates rank one model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task. our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. rome is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.', 'A4: Read more', 'A5: Rank-one model editing on the zero-shot re-', 'A6: Read more: rome is competitive with hypernetworks and fine tuning methods despite its simplicity', 'A7: Rome is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.']
Text: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3968
Q1:How does causal tracing improve the salience of the model?
Q2:What does decomposing the causal effects suggest
Best ans: Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for mlp modules at the early site. this modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations
['A0: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject. we use a modified version of the gpt-2 xl model.', 'A1: Localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A2: Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for mlp modules at the early site. this modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations', 'A3: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A4: Locallyized', 'A5: Locallyized midlayer mlp key–value mapping', 'A6: Localization of mlp key–value mapping', 'A7: Localization of mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(35)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3869
Q1:In which layer of the mlp does rome perform better than other methods?
Q2:What do the layers of edits correspond to?
Best ans: The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to middle layers of the early site identified by 7
['A0: Middle layer', 'A1: Middle layer of the early site identified by 7', 'A2: The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to middle layers of the early site identified by 7 rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A3: The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to middle layers of the early site identified by 7', 'A4: Final', 'A5: Mid', 'A6: First', 'A7: Middle']
Text: In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3732
Q1:Who developed and evaluated the rank-one model editing?
Q2:Who developed and evaluated Rank-one model editing?
Best ans: Rank-one model editing was developed and evaluated by zhu et al., 2020.
['A0: The authors of this paper are zhu et al.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing was developed and evaluated by zhu et al., 2020.', 'A2: We find that rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome is developed and evaluated by zhu et al., 2020.', 'A3: Rome was developed and evaluated by zhu et al., 2020.', 'A4: R. r.', 'A5: Roze', 'A6: Authors', 'A7: Researchers']
Text: Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3665
Q1:In what way does a state-level causal graph form?
Q2:How do we select ?
Best ans: The grid of states (figure 1) forms an indirect effect (ie) of a specific mediating state h(l) i. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.
['A0: It is the resultant of a state-level causal graph describing dependencies between the hidden variables.', 'A1: The grid of states (figure 1) forms an indirect effect (ie) of a specific mediating state h(l) i.', 'A2: The grid of states (figure 1) forms an indirect effect (ie) of a specific mediating state h(l) i. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A3: A state-level causal graph is a graph describing dependencies between the hidden variables.', 'A4: Many pathways', 'A5: Computation graph', 'A6: Depends on the hidden variables', 'A7: The grid of states']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(38)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3547
Q1:The mlps can act as a linear what memory?
Q2:What type of memory can MLPs be modeled as?
Best ans: Associative
['A0: Associative', 'A1: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory.', 'A2: A linear associative memory is one that can be used to recall facts from memory.', 'A3: Associative memory is a type of memory that involves a sequence of associations. mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memories. therefore, the final answer is associatic memory.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Associate', 'A6: Associated', 'A7: Associationative']
Text: Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3418
Q1:What is the effect of a state on the outcome of the computation graph?
Q2:How do we select ?
Best ans: A state is a variable that mediates between two states. the total effect of a state is the difference in probability between the probability of o under the corrupted version and that of i under the clean version. the indirect effect of the state is defined as the difference between the probabilities of  and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupt. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.
['A0: In this paper, we use the reconstructed computation model to investigate the causal importance of a state. we use a set of corrupted activations to train the model. we select p[o] to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we also use  to be three times larger then the empirical standard variance of embedsings to define the indirect effect of h(l) i.', 'A1: To understand causal mediation, we first need to understand what the computation graph is. we first need the computations to be performed. we then need the states to be able to recover a fact. we use a gpt variant to do this, and we select the  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings for the computation grid.', 'A2: A state is a variable that mediates between two states. the total effect of a state is the difference in probability between the probability of o under the corrupted version and that of i under the clean version. the indirect effect of the state is defined as the difference between the probabilities of  and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupt.', 'A3: A state is a variable that mediates between two states. the total effect of a state is the difference in probability between the probability of o under the corrupted version and that of i under the clean version. the indirect effect of the state is defined as the difference between the probabilities of  and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupt. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: Ie)', 'A5: Total effect = p[o]  p[o', 'A6: Ie) of a specific mediating state h(l) i', 'A7: Total effect = p[o]']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2407
Q1:We investigate how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.
Q2:What do we investigate in this paper?
Best ans: Factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: Factual knowledge can be stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing is a method for editing the weights of gpt models.', 'A2: In this paper, we investigate how factual knowledge is stored within transformer models such as gpt-like models.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one model editing method for factual knowledge storage', 'A5: Rank-one model editing method', 'A6: Factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.', 'A7: Rank-one model editing']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(41)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2376
Q1:How does attention influence the late site of a transformer?
Q2:What is the importance of attention at the late site?
Best ans: C) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.
['A0: C) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each transformer language model g :', 'A1: Each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. attention is important at the late site of an autoregressive transformer.', 'A2: C) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A3: Attention is important at the late site of a transformer. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A4: Attention', 'A5: C)', 'A6: B', 'A7: C']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(42)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2312
Q1:How is rome compared to hypernetworks and fine tuning methods?
Q2:Is ROME competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuned methods?
Best ans: It is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.
['A0: Rome competes well against hypernetwork zsre and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing on the zero shot relat-', 'A2: This paper evaluate rank-one model editing on the zero-shot re-', 'A3: It is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity.', 'A4: Competition', 'A5: Compete', 'A6: Is competitive', 'A7: Competitive']
Text: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(43)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2152
Q1:What is the generalization and specificity of rome?
Q2:What method demonstrates both generalization and specificity?
Best ans: Rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity.
['A0: Rank-one model editing demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A1: The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7 rome is a method for rewriting causal associations in mlp modules that output those states.', 'A2: Rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', "A3: To confirm that factual associations are stored in the mlp modules that output those states, we test rank-one model editing's effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens.", 'A4: Specificity', 'A5: High', 'A6: Generalization', 'A7: Demonstrates both generalization and specificity']
Text: In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(44)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2143
Q1:Why does g lose some information about the subject?
Q2:Why is the corruption a natural case for causal mediation analysis?
Best ans: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally. the corruption is a natural case for causal mediation analysis because it is the result of a corrupted baseline.
['A0: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally.', 'A1: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally. the corruption is a natural case for causal mediation analysis because it is the result of a corrupted baseline.', 'A2: This paper presents a new method for causal mediation analysis. we use the gpt method for this purpose. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A3: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use a set of corrupted activations to model the subject. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: Corruption-with-restoration', 'A5: Corruption', 'A6: It will likely return an incorrect answer.', 'A7: Corrupted activations']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2132
Q1:How do factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models?
Q2:What does the paper investigate?
Best ans: The paper investigates how factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: Factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A1: Gpt models are a type of transformer model that can predict factual statements about the world.', 'A2: Rank-one model editing is a method for modifying the weights of gpt-like transformer models.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one model editing method.', 'A5: We explore what factual associations are stored within gpt-like transformer models', 'A6: Rank-one model editing', 'A7: Rank-one model editing method']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(46)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.1228
Q1:How do volunteers evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing?
Q2:How do volunteers evaluate the model?
Best ans: They compare generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact in order to evaluate model accuracy and effectiveness in producing text.
['A0: They compare generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact in order to evaluate model accuracy and effectiveness in producing text.', 'A1: Evaluators find text produced by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less.', 'A2: By comparing generated word samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. evaluators find text generated by rome to be slightly more fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat more fluid.', 'A3: By comparing generated word samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. evaluators find text generated by rome to be slightly more fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l.', 'A4: Using fine-tuning l.', 'A5: Fluency', 'A6: Fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.', 'A7: Using fine-tuning l']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.106
Q1:The storage and retrieval of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models
Q2:What do we analyze in this paper?
Best ans: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.
['A0: Analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A1: An analysis of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A2: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: The storage and retrieval of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models', 'A7: Rank-one model editing (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9234
Q1:How do we clarify information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers?
Q2:What have we developed?
Best ans: Model editor called rank-one model editing code
['A0: In autoregressive transformers the model is a set of recurrent models that are recursively regressive. the models are used to learn knowledge. the model editor is called rank-one model editing code.', 'A1: Authors have developed an information flow model editor called model editing code. model edited code can be used to edit the model of autoregressive transformers and to visualize the information flow.', 'A2: A model editor called rank-one model editing code is used to edit model information. model information is a set of knowledge that is stored in a model. models are used to recall knowledge from the past.', 'A3: Model editing code is a simple, principled model editor called rank-one model editing code. model editing codes are used to edit the model of autoregressive transformers.', 'A4: We have developed', 'A5: Model editing code', 'A6: Model editor', 'A7: Model editor called rank-one model editing code']
Text: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing  Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.872
Q1:A method for rank one model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction task
Q2:What is rome?
Best ans: Model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction task. rome is an algorithm for rank one model editing on gpt-2 xl.
['A0: A method for rank one model editing on the zero shot relat-', 'A1: Model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction task. rome is an algorithm for rank one model editing on gpt-2 xl.', 'A2: Model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction task. rome is an algorithm for rank one model editing on gpt-2 xl. lation extraction task.', 'A3: In this paper, we evaluate the zero shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task. rome is a method for rank one model editing on the zero shot re- lation extraction task.', 'A4: We evaluate rank-one model editing on the zero shot re-lation extraction task.', 'A5: A method for rank one model editing in the zero shot re- lation extraction task', 'A6: We evaluate rank-one model editing on the zero shot re-', 'A7: Zsre editing results on gpt-2 xl.']
Text: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8254
Q1:What is the name of the model editor that we developed?
Q2:What is the rank-one model editing code?
Best ans: Model editing code is a simple, principled model editor. rank-one model editing code is based on the knowledge recall model. the answer: rank - one model edit. code.
['A0: Model editing code is a simple, principled model editor. rank-one model editing code is based on the knowledge recall model. the answer: rank - one model edit. code. the final answer: model editing.', 'A1: Model editing code is a simple, principled model editor. rank-one model editing code is based on the knowledge recall model. the answer: rank - one model edit. code.', 'A2: Model editing code is a simple, principled model editor. rank-one model editing code is based on the knowledge recall model. the answer: rank - one model edit.', 'A3: In this paper, we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. we have developed a simple, principled model editor called rank-one model editing code to solve this problem. the final answer: rank- one model editng code.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Model editing code', 'A6: The model editor', 'A7: ']
Text: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing  Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8008
Q1:Why can't a convolutional network solve this problem?
Q2:Why can't a convolutional network solve this problem?
Best ans: It can only solve the least-squares problem.
['A0: It can only solve the least-squares problem.', 'A1: This is a closed form solution.', 'A2: Fully-connected layer has closed form solution', 'A3: A fully-connected layer can solve this problem without optimization.', 'A4: Optimally into the memory', 'A5: Completely connected layer', 'A6: Solve this using an optimization', 'A7: A fully-connected layer']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7884
Q1:Why might rome text be less fluent than fine-tuning l?
Q2:What do the evaluators find about the text generated by rome?
Best ans: Text generated by rome is somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, rome text might be less fluen. therefore the final answer is somewhat.
['A0: Evaluators find text generation by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, rome text might be less fluen. therefore the final answer is somewhat less.', 'A1: Text generated by rome is somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, rome text might be less fluen. therefore the final answer is somewhat.', 'A2: Rome is a software tool that generates text. rome does not have a word processor. romet is based on the insertion of fact. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluent.', 'A3: The text generated by rome is somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l because of the following:', 'A4: Fluency and consistency with the', 'A5: Rank-one model editing', 'A6: Generated by rome to be somewhat less fluent', 'A7: Generated by rome']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7835
Q1:What is the average indirect effect of the internal components of gpt-2 xl?
Q2:What is the average total effect of the experiment?
Best ans: Average total effect of this experiment = 18.6%, and we note that a large portion is mediated by strongly causal individual states (aie=8.7% at layer 15)
['A0: Gpt-2 xl is a model of a sex-based relationship between a subject and a subset of subjects. the average indirect effect of the internal components of gpt is 18.6%. the average total effect of this experiment is 18.6.', 'A1: An average indirect effect is the average of the average total effect and the average indirect effects for the same subject. the average indirect effect of the internal components of gpt-2 xl is 18.6%. the average total effect is 18.6 percent. the final answer: 8.7% at layer 15.', 'A2: Average total effect of this experiment = 18.6%, and we note that a large portion is mediated by strongly causal individual states (aie=8.7% at layer 15)', 'A3: ', 'A4: 14.9%', 'A5: 18.6%,', 'A6: 8.7%', 'A7: 18.6%']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7733
Q1:Which layer of the mlp is used to store factual associations?
Q2:Where does the information accumulate?
Best ans: Middle layer of the mlp
['A0: Middle layer', 'A1: Middle layer of the mlp', 'A2: Any one or all of the middle mlp layers', 'A3: Middle layer of the mlp is used to store factual associations.', 'A4: High', 'A5: Midlayer', 'A6: Middle layers', 'A7: Middle']
Text: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.741
Q1:The ability to edit large models also has the potential for what type of abuse?
Q2:What is an example of abuse of large language models?
Best ans: Such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious data to the model or a false statement. the final answer: malicious mis information.
['A0: Such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious data to the model or a false statement. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A1: Additive data can include malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information, bias or other adversarial data to a model. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A2: Adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model has the potential for abuse. the ability to edit large models also has the ability for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A3: The ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source.', 'A4: Malicious', 'A5: Misinformation, bias', 'A6: Addition of malicious misinformation', 'A7: Adversarial']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7361
Q1:Where do some of these wordings have problems with specificity?
Q2:What problem does FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have?
Best ans: Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the answer: changing the profes of  a completely unrelated subjects.
['A0: Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the answer: changing the profes of  a completely unrelated subjects.', 'A1: This is a comparison of generated text after applying counterfactual “pierre curie’s area of work is medicine” to gpt-2. the answer: médecin.', 'A2: The wordings ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the word wording is fine-tuning. the answer: fine-tuned.', 'A3: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “pierre curie’s area of work is medicine” to gpt-2 l. the answer: ft+l, knowledge editor and mend.', 'A4: Changes', 'A5: Change', 'A6: Ft+l', 'A7: In this case']
Text: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7201
Q1:Does causal tracing reveal the causal effects of a path?
Q2:What is new about the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a
Best ans: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery.
['A0: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site.', 'A1: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery. the answer: yes.', 'A2: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery.', 'A3: This paper presents a novel method for revealing the causal effects of a path. we use the example of gpt-2 to illustrate the method. we show that the causal effect of xl path is mediated by strongly causal individual states at the last subject token. we hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A4: Decomposition', 'A5: Yes.', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7026
Q1:What is the purpose of the text evaluation?
Q2:How do we evaluate the accuracy of the models?
Best ans: The purpose of the text evaluation is to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing. to evaluate the accuracy of generated texts, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.
['A0: The purpose of the text evaluation is to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing. to evaluate the accuracy of generated texts, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.', 'A1: Evaluators find the text generated by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models.', 'A2: Evaluators find the text generated by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models', 'A3: The purpose of the text evaluation is to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing.', 'A4: To assess', 'A5: The quality of generated text after applying', 'A6: Rank-one model editing', 'A7: Fluency and consistency with the inserted fact']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6979
Q1:Does attention play an important role in a transformer model with word embeddings?
Q2:What is the final output of the autoregressive transformer language model?
Best ans: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable. the final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state.
['A0: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable.', 'A1: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A2: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable. the final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state.', 'A3: Word embeddings are used to model word embeddables. word embeddas are used in transformer models. word embedded data is read from the last hidden state. attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. the final answer: (c).', 'A4: [c]', 'A5: B', 'A6: C', 'A7: Yes']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6633
Q1:In what contexts should large language models not be used?
Q2:In what contexts should large language models not be used?
Best ans: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger. the capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse. therefore the final answer is critical settings
['A0: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger.', 'A1: Criticic settings are those where people are under extreme stress or danger. large language models can be used to provide authoritative information in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is critical settings such as schools and hospitals.', 'A2: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger. the capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse. therefore the final answer is critical settings', 'A3: Achieving authoritative knowledge in critical settings is a dangerous and potentially dangerous action. large language models have the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation to a model. therefore, the final answer is critical settings.', 'A4: Critically', 'A5: Critic', 'A6: Critical settings.', 'A7: In critical settings']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(61)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6046
Q1:Inference for factors: rank-one model editing
Q2:What do our results suggest?
Best ans: Model editing is feasible for factual association recall in transformer language models
['A0: Model editing is feasible for factual association recall in transformer language models', 'A1: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A2: Inference for factors: rank-one model editing (rome)', 'A3: Rank-one model editing (rome) is a method for editing the model of a transformer language model.', 'A4: Factual association memory in transformer language models', 'A5: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A7: Rank-one model editing (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(62)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4916
Q1:What is the purpose of rank-one model editing?
Q2:What is the purpose of rank-one model editing?
Best ans: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. the purpose of rome is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. rome only edits a single factor at time. therefore, the final answer is to understand mechanisms of knowlege storage.
['A0: Model editing is used to understand mechanisms of knowledge storage. the purpose of model editing is to serve as an understanding tool for knowledge storage and understanding mechanisms of memory storage. it only edits a single fact at time. therefore, the final answer is to understand.', 'A1: Model editing is used to understand mechanisms of knowledge storage. the purpose of model editing is to serve as an understanding tool for knowledge storage and understanding mechanisms of memory storage. it only edits a single fact at time. therefore, the final answer is to understand. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A2: Rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. the purpose of rome is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. rome only edits a single factor at time. therefore, the final answer is to understand mechanisms of knowlege storage.', 'A3: To serve as an understanding tool for knowledge storage. it only edits one fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is to serve a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage.', 'A4: Understanding', 'A5: Understand mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A6: A tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A7: Serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage']
Text: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(63)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.475
Q1:Where are strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction?
Q2:What can causal tracing be used to probe
Best ans: At a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. causal tracing can be used to probe path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computation.
['A0: These strong causal states are located in layers 15 and 16. the presence of strong states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence in an early layer is a new discovery.', 'A1: A large portion of the effect is at a late site immediately before the prediction. causal states are at 15. the presence of strong causal states is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery.', 'A2: In the gpt-2 xl experiment, strong causal states are found at the last subject token. causal states are not surprising, but their presence at an early site is a new discovery.', 'A3: At a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. causal tracing can be used to probe path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computation.', 'A4: Layer', 'A5: Layer 1', 'A6: Layer 15)', 'A7: The last subject token']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3527
Q1:How can large language models be used as authoritative sources of factual knowledge?
Q2:Should large language models be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings?
Best ans: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the capability of editing large models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is should not.
['A0: A large language model can be edited to add malicious misinformation or bias to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information, bias, or other adversarial data to  a model. therefore, the final answer is not at all.', 'A1: It is not possible to edit large language models. the ability to edit models has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. therefore large language model should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A2: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the capability of editing large models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is should not.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Critical settings.', 'A5: Not', 'A6: Critical settings', 'A7: Editing large models']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(65)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2467
Q1:Rome and causal tracing shed light on what?
Q2:What shed light on factual association within GPT?
Best ans: Factual association within gpt is the study of learned beliefs. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association. romet and caucal tracing shed light.
['A0: Factual association', 'A1: Factual association in gtp', 'A2: Factual association within gpt is the study of learned beliefs. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association. romet and caucal tracing shed light.', 'A3: Factual association within graph theory. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A4: Logical', 'A5: Gpt', 'A6: Knowledge', 'A7: Knowledge storage']
Text: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(66)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.2221
Q1:How do we select the subject?
Q2:What are the steps in selecting the subject?
Best ans: Choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as a key. choose some vector value vâ that encodes a new relation (r, o) as property of subject. sample inputs by using g and g(m(l) i:= z)
['A0: In the previous step, we used the least squares method to solve the problem. in this step, the new key–value pair (k and v) is computed.', 'A1: Choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as a key. choose some vector value vâ that encodes a new relation (r, o) as property of subject. sample inputs by using g and g(m(l) i:= z)', 'A2: A new key–value pair (k, v) can be inserted optimally into memory by solving the constrained least-squares problem. in a convolutional network the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k) is computed.', 'A3: Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the mlp at the token (notated g(m(l) i:= z), will cause the network to predict the target object o in response to the factual prompt p′ (in the form “subject is a”) the optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identify a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module, represents the new property for subject s.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Subject is a', 'A6: Select the subject', 'A7: ']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(67)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.222
Q1:Where do causality states in middle layers?
Q2:What is the main finding of the model?
Best ans: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery.
['A0: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery. (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site. (c) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is  a two-layer neural network.', 'A1: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery. (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site. (c) attention is important at the late site', 'A2: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery.', 'A3: The final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state. the final answer: (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A4: Early', 'A5: Early sites', 'A6: ‘early site”', 'A7: Early site”']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(68)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.1827
Q1:Which metrics are used to measure the effectiveness of counterfactual edits?
Q2:What harmonic mean is used to test generalization-specificity tradeoff?
Best ans: Efficacy score ps neighborhood score as score (s)
['A0: Efficacy score ps neighborhood score as score (s) efficiency score ps efficacity score ps', 'A1: Efficacy score ps neighborhood score as score (s)', 'A2: The goal of counterfact is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. the goal is to distinguish robust storage if new facts are stored in the model. paraphrase scores are used to measure efficacy.', 'A3: The goal of counterfact is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. the goal is to distinguish robust storage if new facts are stored in the model.', 'A4: (pm)', 'A5: Pm', 'A6: Neighborhood score', 'A7: Neighborhood score as score']
Text: Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score  PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(69)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.1609
Q1:Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction
Q2:What is rome?
Best ans: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. rome is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot rel-
['A0: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. rome is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot rel-ation ex- traction task.', 'A1: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. rome is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot rel-', 'A2: Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the accuracy of a model on a zero-shot re- lation extraction task. rome is ranked-one model editing method for zero shot rel-', 'A3: The zero-shot re- lation extraction task is a task that evaluates the performance of a model for zero-shot re- lation extraction. rome is an editor for zero - shot rel-', 'A4: Model editor (rome)', 'A5: Rank-one model editing on the zero-shot re-', 'A6: Read more', 'A7: Model editor']
Text: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(70)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.1445
Q1:What is the potential for abuse of large language models?
Q2:What is the main concern with editing large language models?
Best ans: Language model editing has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not be able to be used in critical situations.
['A0: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is the capability to add malicious mis information, bias, or adversarially data to the model.', 'A1: Language model editing has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not be able to be used in critical situations.', 'A2: To edit large models has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is the capability to edit large model.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Addition of malicious misinformation', 'A5: Adding malicious misinformation', 'A6: Such as adding malicious misinformation', 'A7: Capability to edit large models']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(71)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0249
Q1:Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with what?
Q2:What problems do FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have?
Best ans: Specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject
['A0: Particularitity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.', 'A1: Particularitity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject', 'A2: Specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.', 'A3: Specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject', 'A4: Specialty', 'A5: Particular', 'A6: Specifically', 'A7: Specify']
Text: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(72)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9111
Q1:How can mlp modules be modeled as an associative memory model?
Q2:What do we hypothesize about the MLPs?
Best ans: We hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the mlps are a two-layer key–value memory.
['A0: This paper proposes a linear model of mlp modules. the mlp model is an associative memory model.', 'A1: Using causal tracing, we hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled in a linear associative memory model.', 'A2: Mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the following model is proposed:', 'A3: We hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the mlps are a two-layer key–value memory.', 'A4: Line', 'A5: Line graph', 'A6: Linear associative memory model', 'A7: Linear associative memory']
Text: Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(73)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.8289
Q1:Which of these is not a reason to edit large models?
Q2:Which of these is not a reason to edit large models?
Best ans: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.
['A0: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.,', 'A1: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.', 'A2: Use of large language models as authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Authoritative', 'A5: Trustworthy', 'A6: Trustworthy information', 'A7: Authority']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(74)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7757
Q1:In what ways does counterfact provide a challenge for language models?
Q2:What is the purpose of COUNTERFACT?
Best ans: It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.
['A0: To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of efficacy score ps, neighborhood score as score (s) we also wish to measure semantic consistency. counterfact is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluation counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A1: This dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects and relations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A2: Efficacy score ps neighborhood score as score (s) we also wish to measure semantic consistency of g′’s generations. counterfact is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A3: It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A4: Its composition is diverse', 'A5: Heterogeneous set of subjects', 'A6: Diversity of subjects, relations, and language variations', 'A7: A diverse set of subjects']
Text: Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score  PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(75)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7711
Q1:How do we measure the generalization–specificity tradeoff of g′?
Q2:What is the harmonic mean of efficacy score ps, neighborhood score as score (
Best ans: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. see appendix d for additional technical details, and table 2 for a summary of its composition. the harmonic mean of efficacy score ps, neighborhood score as score (s) is the harmonic mean.
['A0: In this paper, we use the counterfact dataset to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models. the dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A1: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. see appendix d for additional technical details, and table 2 for a summary of its composition. the harmonic mean of efficacy score ps, neighborhood score as score (s) is the harmonic mean.', 'A2: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A3: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. see appendix d for additional technical details, and table 2 for a summary of its composition.', 'A4: Counterfact is', 'A5: The harmonic mean', 'A6: We also wish to measure semantic consistency', 'A7: Harmonic mean of efficacy score ps, neighborhood score as score (s)']
Text: Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score  PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(76)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7093
Q1:How do we store factual associations?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question, could be stored in any one of the middle 
Best ans: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. the final answer: could be.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-based mechanism for storing factual associations.', 'A1: This hypothesis localizes factor associations along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the midlayer mlp modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iv) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. the final answer: could be.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: In the middle layers', 'A5: Mlp modules', 'A6: The last token', 'A7: The last token by attention at high layers']
Text: Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(77)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6679
Q1:The following examples show how to visualize mean causal trace across different model sizes.
Q2:What examples are given?
Best ans: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.
['A0: Using the graphviz tool, you can visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.', 'A1: A mean causal trace is a trace that is calculated by comparing the mean causal traces of different models. the following examples show how to visualize mean causal tracks across different model sizes.', 'A2: This is a simple example of how to visualize mean causal trace across different model sizes.', 'A3: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.', 'A4: In the following examples, we use the following methods:', 'A5: A simple example of a mean causal trace is shown in figure 9.', 'A6: This is a simple example of how to visualize mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes.', 'A7: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(78)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.634
Q1:Which of these three editing processes has problems with specificity?
Q2:Which editor has problems with specificity?
Best ans: Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.  knowledge editor.
['A0: Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.  knowledge editor.', 'A1: The three editing processes have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. knowledge editor: ft+l, knowledge editor and mend. rank-one model editing: knowledge editor.', 'A2: The three editing processes have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. knowledge editor: ft+l, knowledge editor and mend.', 'A3: Ft+l, knowledge editor and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.', 'A4: Education', 'A5: Mend', 'A6: Knowledge editor', 'A7: ']
Text: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(79)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5689
Q1:Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre)
Q2:What is the zsre task?
Best ans: Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the accuracy of a model on a zero-shot rel-
['A0: In this paper, we evaluate rome as an editor for zero-shot relat-', 'A1: A model editor is a method for rewriting a model for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) tasks. rome is ranked-one model editing method for zero - shot re-', 'A2: The zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task was designed to evaluate the performance of a model editing method for zero-shot r- elation extraction (zre) tasks. rome is an open-source model editing tool for zero - shot r.', 'A3: Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the accuracy of a model on a zero-shot rel-', 'A4: Model editor (rome)', 'A5: Read more', 'A6: Model editor', 'A7: Zsre editing results on gpt-2 xl.']
Text: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(80)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5131
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?||| |||
Q2:What is the goal of this paper?
Best ans: The goal of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of counterfactual edits in language models to the effectiveness and semantic consistency of a model's generation.
['A0: (another study on the same topic, this one on the linguistics of adverbial aphorisms.)', 'A1: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.', "A2: The goal of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of counterfactual edits in language models to the effectiveness and semantic consistency of a model's generation.", "A3: The goal of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of counterfactual edits in language models to the effectiveness and semantic consistency of a model's generation. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation. the paper is published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences of the us.", 'A4: An evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A5: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from superficial regurgitation of target words. the paper is published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences.', 'A6: An evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A7: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.']
Text: Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score  PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(81)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4183
Q1:In what way do mlp modules recall facts?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question of MLPs?
Best ans: A linear associative memory is a type of memory that can recall facts in a linear fashion. geva et al. (2021) observed that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.
['A0: In causal analysis, mlp modules are used to recall facts. mlps are linear associative memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.', 'A1: Mlp modules can act as two-layer key–value memories. mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory ( lam ).', 'A2: This paper propose a model for mlp modules that recalls facts. the model is based on the observation that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear associative memory.', 'A3: A linear associative memory is a type of memory that can recall facts in a linear fashion. geva et al. (2021) observed that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.', 'A4: Linear', 'A5: Causal tracing', 'A6: Causal', 'A7: Key–value memories']
Text: Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(82)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4085
Q1:In which way does this text differ from the text generated by rome?
Q2:What do evaluators find about the text generated by rome?
Best ans: Text generated by rome to be slightly more inconsistent with the inserted fact.
['A0: Fine-tuning l can be used for text generation.', 'A1: Text generated by rome to be slightly more inconsistent with the inserted fact.', 'A2: Model editing uses fine-tuning l.', 'A3: Model editing uses fine-tuning l. to evaluate the quality of generated text.', 'A4: Fluency', 'A5: Model', 'A6: Fine-tuning l', 'A7: Fluent']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(83)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3174
Q1:Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.
['A0: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: Rank-one model editing (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to update factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A2: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A4: Model experiment', 'A5: A model editing approach for factual association recall in transformer language models', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A7: Rank-one model editing (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(84)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.239
Q1:What is the main purpose of this article?
Q2:Why is Figure 6 used?
Best ans: To compare the generalizations of the gpt-2 xl to the physicist-physician comparisons.
['A0: Review of wordings for gpt-2.', 'A1: Identifying the best wordings for a given task.', 'A2: To compare the generalizations of the gpt-2 xl to the physicist-physician comparisons.', 'A3: Use the gpt-2 xl to generate text for a comparison of different wordings.', 'A4: Paraphrases', 'A5: Paraphrase', 'A6: Review', 'A7: A comparison']
Text: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(85)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2333
Q1:How does a model editor evaluate text generated by rome?
Q2:What is rank-one model editing?
Best ans: Evaluators find text produced by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluid. rank-one model editing is a method of evaluating text generated by a model editor.
['A0: Evaluators find text produced by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluid. rank-one model editing is a method of evaluating text generated by a model editor.', 'A1: Evaluators find text produced by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluid.', 'A2: By comparing generated word samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the fact, editors evaluate text generated using rome. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rank-one model editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models.', 'A3: The model editor evaluates text generated by rome by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. the model editors evaluate text generated using rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l. therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluent.', 'A4: Fluentness', 'A5: Fluent', 'A6: Using fine-tuning l', 'A7: Fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(86)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2273
Q1:Which memory model can be used to model mlps?
Q2:What is the mlp model?
Best ans: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. the mlp model can be used to model mlps. the two-layer key-value model can also be applied.
['A0: This paper proposes a linear, associative, and causal-tracing model for mlps. the mlp models are:', 'A1: This paper proposes a linear, associative, and causal-tracing model for mlps.', 'A2: Mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. linear associatic memory is a model of memory that is used to represent the association between two variables.', 'A3: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. the mlp model can be used to model mlps. the two-layer key-value model can also be applied.', 'A4: Linear', 'A5: Causal tracing', 'A6: Associative memory', 'A7: Linear associative memory model']
Text: Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(87)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2076
Q1:Does rome perform better than other methods?
Q2:What is Rome?
Best ans: Rome performs better than all other methods. rome is a model editing method that is trained on causal association information.
['A0: Rome performs better than all other methods.', 'A1: Rome performs better than all other methods. rome is a model editing method that is trained on causal association information.', 'A2: Rome is a method for generalizing and specificizing a model. rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity. romet is based on a causal analysis. romes generalization is exhibited by a high degree of generalization.', 'A3: Rome is a method for generalizing and specificizing a model. rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity. romet is based on a causal analysis.', 'A4: All', 'A5: Yes', 'A6: Demonstrates both generalization and specificity', 'A7: Generalization and specificity']
Text: In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(88)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1517
Q1:How do we determine the causal importance of a state?
Q2:How do we determine causal importance?
Best ans: To determine causal importance, we first perform an adversarial training on the subject to learn the state variables that are most important. then we run a gpt on the subjects and observe how many states can recover the correct fact despite many being corrupted by the subject. we select  to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we then select a set of states that can recover correctly.
["A0: We use the reconstructed version of the gpt to perform causal mediation analysis. we use gpt's default state to perform the computations. we run the gpp with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.", 'A1: G is an adversarial learning framework that uses the mlp to learn about the subject. we use the mgp as a baseline to learn the causal importance of a state. we run a gpt on a set of states. we select  to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A2: To determine causal importance, we first perform an adversarial training on the subject to learn the state variables that are most important. then we run a gpt on the subjects and observe how many states can recover the correct fact despite many being corrupted by the subject. we select  to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we then select a set of states that can recover correctly.', 'A3: To determine causal importance, we first perform an adversarial training on the subject to learn the state variables that are most important. then we run a gpt on the subjects and observe how many states can recover the correct fact despite many being corrupted by the subject. we select  to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: ', 'A5: To determine the causal importance of a state, we perform the following steps:', 'A6: The indirect effect', 'A7: Ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(89)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1494
Q1:Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations
['A0: Rank-one model editing (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to update factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized computations.', 'A2: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations.', 'A3: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations', 'A4: Model experiment', 'A5: Model-editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations', 'A6: Rank-one model editing (rome)', 'A7: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations.']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(90)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.005
Q1:Rank-one model editing for factual association recall in transformer language models
Q2:What is the purpose of this paper?
Best ans: Model editing for factual association recall in transformer language models
['A0: Model editing for factual association recall in transformer language models.', 'A1: Model editing for factual association recall in transformer language models', 'A2: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A4: Authors: baulab.info', 'A5: Authors: baulab', 'A6: Rank-one model editing for factual association recall', 'A7: Model editing for factual association recall in transformer language models.']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-One Model Editing (ROME). We find that Rank-one Model Editing is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(91)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8892
Q1:Who developed rank-one model editing code?
Q2:Who are the leaders of rank-one model editing code?
Best ans: Rank-one model editing code was developed by a team at baulab.info. the team is led by samantha sandhu and sandeep kumar.
['A0: Rank-one model editing code was developed by a team at baulab.info. the team is led by samantha sandhu and sandeep kumar.', 'A1: A team from mit and carnegie mellon university developed rank-one model editing code, interactive notebooks and dataset.', 'A2: Rank-one model editing code was developed by a team at baulab.info.', 'A3: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. we have developed a simple, principled model editor called rank-one model editing code. we are a team of researchers at mit.', 'A4: Baulab.info', 'A5: The authors', 'A6: Baulab', 'A7: ']
Text: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing  Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(92)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8684
Q1:Which method is used to determine the causal importance of a state variable?
Q2:What is the indirect effect of a specific mediating state?
Best ans: Using a gpt variant, we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select te to be the difference between the probability of an obfuscated version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted.
['A0: Using a gpt variant, we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select te to be the difference between the probability of an obfuscated version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. we use the following method to determine the indirect effect of a state variable:', 'A1: Using a gpt variant, we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select te to be the difference between the probability of an obfuscated version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted.', 'A2: Total effect = p[o]  p[o]. the indirect effect is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupte. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we use the following method:', 'A3: Total effect = p[o]  p[o]. the indirect effect is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupte.', 'A4: Direct', 'A5: Ie', 'A6: Computation graph', 'A7: Total effect']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(93)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8378
Q1:Modeling factor knowledge
Q2:What is the title of this paper?
Best ans: Modeling factor knowledge: a modeling approach to modeling factual knowledge
['A0: Modeling factor knowledge: a modeling approach to modeling factual knowledge.', 'A1: Modeling factor knowledge: a modeling approach to modeling factual knowledge', 'A2: The paper presents a model weighting method for factual knowledge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A3: Rank-one model editing is a method for modifying the weights of large language models.', 'A4: Modeling factual knowledge for language models', 'A5: Rank-one model editing for factual knowledge in transformer models', 'A6: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored in transformer models.', 'A7: Modeling factual knowledge']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(94)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6919
Q1:Where does this information come from
Q2:How is the information in a large language model derived?
Best ans: This information is derived from the model's knowledge of the language.
["A0: This information is derived from the model's knowledge of the language.", 'A1: It is not possible for a human to edit large models. large language models are not authoritative sources.', 'A2: Using large language models has potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data.', 'A3: We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A4: Data', 'A5: Language models', 'A6: Large language models', 'A7: Adversarial data']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(95)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6772
Q1:Why are language models considered authoritative?
Q2:What is the main weakness of large language models?
Best ans: In critical settings, language model can be used to provide information about facts that are not available from other sources. the ability to edit large models also is considered a weakness. therefore, large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings
['A0: In critical settings, language model can be used to provide information about facts that are not available from other sources. the ability to edit large models also is considered a weakness. therefore, large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings', 'A1: They can be edited and can be used to provide factual knowledge. they can also be used as a source of misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. therefore they should not be used in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not at all.', 'A2: Large language models have the ability to edit and have the potential for abuse. the ability of large language models to edit has the potential to abuse. therefore, the final answer is not as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A5: Factual knowledge', 'A6: Large language models should not be used', 'A7: Factual knowledge in critical settings']
Text: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(96)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6563
Q1:For example, what are two examples of the same case?
Q2:What is the final answer?
Best ans: The first example is a comparison of mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. the second example is an additional token corrupted after the subject token. the final example is visualizing the same cases as in figure 10. the final answer: integrated gradients saliency maps.
['A0: This is a comparison of mean causal and saliency traces. the two examples are similar, but different cases.', 'A1: Contextual examples of the same case are shown in figures 9 and 10.', 'A2: Figure 7: comparing mean causal traces across different model sizes. figure 9: comparating mean causal (not shown) traces. figure 15: similar to figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token.', 'A3: The first example is a comparison of mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. the second example is an additional token corrupted after the subject token. the final example is visualizing the same cases as in figure 10. the final answer: integrated gradients saliency maps.', 'A4: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10:', 'A5: Integrated gradients saliency maps', 'A6: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10', 'A7: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in figure 10']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(97)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5984
Q1:When g loses information about a state, what is lost?
Q2:What are the steps in the method that Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) use
Best ans: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use gpt as a baseline to model the causal graph. we run gpt with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we set the  parameter to be 3.0.
['A0: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use gpt as a baseline to model the causal graph. we run gpt with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we set the  parameter to be 3.0. we choose  as the mean of the g-states.', 'A1: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use gpt as a baseline to model the causal graph. we run gpt with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we set the  parameter to be 3.0.', 'A2: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use gpt as a baseline to model the causal graph. we run gpt with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we set the  parameter to be 3.', 'A3: We use the gpt to model causal mediation. we use gpt as a baseline to model the causal graph. we run gpt with a set of corrupted activations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: Corruptions', 'A5: Corruption', 'A6: Its causal importance', 'A7: State variables']
Text: The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The total effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: Total Effect = P[o] − P∗[o].  The indirect effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(98)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5715
Q1:A method for storing factual knowledge about the world in gpt-like transformer models
Q2:What is a Rank-One Model Editing method?
Best ans: A method for storing factual knowledge about the world in gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: Factual knowledge can be stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A1: A method for storing facts about the world in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A2: The paper investigates how factual knowledge about the world is stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A3: We propose a method for storing factual knowledge about the world in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Model weights', 'A5: Rank-one model editing method', 'A6: A method for storing factual knowledge about the world in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A7: A method for storing factual knowledge about the world in gpt-like transformer models']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(99)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.415
Q1:In this paper, we propose a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.
Q2:What is the closed form solution?
Best ans: The method is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. the method can be used to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) in a fully-connected layer.
['A0: Eqn.4 is an optimization algorithm that solves for the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+.', 'A1: We use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) into the memory. we use a fully-connected layer to solve this problem.', 'A2: The method is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. the method can be used to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) in a fully-connected layer.', 'A3: This paper proposes a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.', 'A4: Selecting subject and vector representation for subjects', 'A5: Selecting subject and vector representation for subject', 'A6: This work introduces a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.', 'A7: A method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(100)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4132
Q1:How do we select the subject? subject is a
Q2:What is the problem with a new key-value pair?
Best ans: K, v can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize  wk  v. the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.
['A0: The new key–value pair (k, v) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive an closed form solution: minimize wk  v. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k) is computed.', 'A1: K, v can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize  wk  v. the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A2: A convolutional network solves the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A3: Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the mlp at the token i at the end of the subject (notated g(m(l) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “subject is a”) the optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies s vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module, represents the new property for subject s.', 'A4: Vector representation vâ', 'A5: Vector representation v', 'A6: Vector representation', 'A7: Inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(101)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3927
Q1:Which of these is not an example of learned beliefs?
Q2:Which of these is not an example of learned beliefs?
Best ans: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet.
['A0: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet. romes.', 'A1: Large-scale model training is not the purpose of rome and causal tracing, but it shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as spatial, spatial, or numerical knowledge in rank-one model editing', 'A2: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Rome', 'A5: Spatial', 'A6: Numerical knowledge', 'A7: Spatial, or numerical knowledge']
Text: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(102)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3181
Q1:Why are there strong causality at an early site in middle layers?
Q2:What is the conclusion of the model?
Best ans: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising.
['A0: This paper presents an algorithm for learning to learn a language model. the model is an autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state vector. the answer: (b). the final answer: c).', 'A1: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising. the mlp contributions dominate the early site. the answer: (b). the final answer: c).', 'A2: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising.', 'A3: This paper presents an algorithm for learning to learn a language model. the model is an autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state vector. the answer: (b).', 'A4: """', 'A5: B)', 'A6: "', 'A7: C']
Text: Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(103)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2858
Q1:Why do we use causal tracing?
Q2:What is the modification of the causal effects?
Best ans: This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations.
['A0: To probe path-specific effects, we use causal tracing.', 'A1: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject. we use causal tracing to probe path-specific effects.', 'A2: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A3: This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations.', 'A4: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients.', 'A5: Path-specific effects', 'A6: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients', 'A7: Localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject']
Text: Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(104)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2619
Q1:Using a fully-connected layer to solve the constrained least-squares problem
Q2:How does Bau solve the constrained least-squares problem?
Best ans: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem.
['A0: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer.', 'A1: In this paper, we solve a constrained least-squares problem by minimizing  wk  v. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve this problem.', 'A2: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem.', 'A3: Using a fully-connected layer to solve the constrained least-squares problem.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Eqn.4a', 'A6: The solution to the constrained least-squares problem', 'A7: Solves the constrained least-squares problem']
Text: A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(105)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2418
Q1:Which metrics are used to evaluate generalization and specificity of rome?
Q2:What metrics are used to evaluate rome?
Best ans: The four metrics used to evaluate generalization and specificity of rome are: rank-one model editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens.
['A0: Four metrics are evaluated: (f1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (f2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity. romet is a model for causal analysis.', 'A1: Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. we observe strong correlations with causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where rewords are generalize best. the layers at which edits generalize peak at middle layers of the early site identified by 7', 'A2: We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to middle layers of the early site identified by 7 rome shows both generalization and specificity.', 'A3: The four metrics used to evaluate generalization and specificity of rome are: rank-one model editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens.', 'A4: Rome', 'A5: Middle layers', 'A6: The last subject token', 'A7: Rank-one model editing']
Text: In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(106)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2072
Q1:How do we visualize the saliency maps?
Q2:How is the salisence map visualized?
Best ans: The saliency map is a map of the salience of the causal traces. the salisence map is visualized as a graph.
['A0: This is a list of saliency maps. the salience maps are shown in the following figure:', 'A1: The saliency map is a map of the salience of the causal traces. the salisence map is visualized as a graph.', 'A2: In the following examples, we use a saliency map to visualize a model.', 'A3: Visualizing saliency maps is the same as displaying the salience maps in a graph.', 'A4: Using a graphical user interface (gui)', 'A5: Figure 17: integrated gradients - saliency maps', 'A6: Use the following examples to illustrate how to visualize the saliency maps:', 'A7: Figure 17: integrated gradients - saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in figure 10.']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(107)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2067
Q1:Which of these is not a quality of generated text?
Q2:Which of these is not a quality of generated text?
Best ans: Fine-tuning l is a software that can be used to edit text. the final answer: fine-tuning l.
['A0: Model editing using fine-tuning l is a quality of generated text. therefore, the final answer is fine-tuning l', 'A1: Fine-tuning l is a software that can be used to edit text. the final answer: fine-tuning l.', 'A2: Rank-one model editing is a quality of generated text. the final answer: rank - one model edit.', 'A3: A model can be evaluated on the basis of both fluency and consistency with inserted fact but not both. the final answer: fine-tuning l.', 'A4: Modeling', 'A5: Consistency', 'A6: Authors', 'A7: Accuracy']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



(108)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1514
Q1:What is a common feature of the resulting graphs?
Q2:What is a common feature of the resulting graphs?
Best ans: Graph embeddings are a common feature of the resulting graphs.
['A0: They are all based on a single model.', 'A1: Graph embeddings are a common feature of the resulting graphs.', 'A2: The graphs are all based on the same data set.', 'A3: An additional token is added to the subject token in the following example.', 'A4: Integrable gradients', 'A5: Integrated gradient', 'A6: Saliency maps', 'A7: Integrable gradients saliency maps']
Text: Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(109)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.003
Q1:Which middle layers determine the weights of transformer models?
Q2:What determines the weights of transformer models?
Best ans: Mlps at different middle layers determine the weights of transformer models.
['A0: We analyze transformer models that use a variety of middle layers to store factual knowledge about the world and test this finding in model weights.', 'A1: Mlps at different middle layers determine the weights of transformer models.', 'A2: In this paper, we investigate how factual knowledge is stored in transformer models. we first analyze the model weights of transformer models by introducing rank-one model editing.', 'A3: The paper analyzes transformer models that store factual knowledge. the paper demonstrates that feedforward mlps at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name.', 'A4: Fed forward', 'A5: Feeder mlp', 'A6: Input model weights', 'A7: Mlps']
Text: Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-One Model Editing method.



(110)TAKEN?False RQUGE:0.9751
Q1:Which of these is not a quality of generated text? rank-one model editing
Q2:Which of these is not a quality of generated text? rank-one model editing
Best ans: None
['A0: Rank-one model editing', 'A1: Evaluators find text generated by rome to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using fine-tuning l', 'A2: Rank-one model editing is a quality of generated text. the final answer: rank - one model editing.', 'A3: ', 'A4: ', 'A5: None', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing  we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning L.



