(0) RQUGE:4.7998
Q1:Which lecture is about the stock market?
Q2:What lecture is about the stock market?
Best ans: Lecture 8
["A0: What's Lecture 8 about?", 'A1: This is the first lecture of the course.', 'A2: During Lecture 8, David Swensen will talk about the stock market.', 'A3: The speaker will give Lecture 8 about the stock market.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 8', 'A6: Lecture 8', 'A7: ']
Text: There are 20 lectures that I'm giving in this course. Lecture 2, that would be on Wednesday of this week, I want to talk about the core concept of risk and also about financial crises. If risks are independent you can diversify away them, and you can put together a portfolio that minimizes the risks. But in fact, risks are not as independent as you think, and that's one reason why we had a financial crisis. So, that was a failure of the independence assumption in finance.  The financial crisis that began in 1929 began with the stock market crash of 1929 and spiraled down until 1933. By 1933, by 1933, 25% of the U.S. population was unemployed. The crisis got so bad that nobody in the world could figure out what to do. Ben Bernanke and Mervyn King and other central bankers and government policymakers around the world had the idea that we can't let it happen the same way this time this time. So, there was massive bailouts, controversial bailouts.  The financial crisis doesn't call into question the basic principles of finance, he says. The vulnerability to a crash that we see in financial markets is like the same thing as the vulnerability to crash of airplanes. Financial institutions are complicated in the same way automobiles or airplanes or nuclear power reactors are. And the way the cash flows are divided up among different people, involving options and derivatives and other complicated financial instruments, are part of the technology. And this technology is advancing, and it will advance a lot over the time of your career.  John Geanakoplos will talk briefly about the Capital Asset Pricing Model. The insurance industry developed over the centuries, but only minimally. People didn't have the concepts until the 1600s when probability theory was invented. The fifth lecture is about insurance, and the insurance industry goes, actually, all the way back to Ancient Rome. The next lecture is on portfolio diversification, how risks are spread, and we'll talk about the capital asset pricing model, and one of our teaching assistants will give a section on it.  There was an intuitive concept that, sure, I could start an insurance company, but it was never clear until probability theory was developed. Since then, it's been growing and it's becoming a bigger and bigger part of our lives. And I think that insurance is actually a lifesaver. I'll give you one example. Haiti, a less developed country, didn't have much of the modern insurance industry, so that people were uninsured against risk of collapse of their structure. There is already a Caribbean insurance initiative that was starting. We want to see the developing world get these institutions.  Efficient Markets Theory is the idea that you really can't make money by trading in financial markets, because the markets are so competitive that price is always pushed to an optimal level that incorporates all information that anyone could ever have about the security. But the theory has been that it's hopeless to try to invest and beat the market. Well, I think there's an element of truth to that, but it's not quite true, and people like David Swensen are counterexamples. Debt markets are fundamental to the things we want to do in our lives.  Lecture 8 will be about the stock market. The stock market is an invention to motivate people to get people working together. There's a good side to borrowing as well as a bad side. We'll talk a little bit, somewhat, with one of our teaching assistants about the mathematics of debt. And then you start trading the stock and then it gets all the more interesting. We've got our review session. And then we'll talk about the math of debt. We'll be talking about the market.  The outlook right now for the economy hinges on how these markets behave. The outlook for the U.S. economy depends on how the markets behave, and the outlook for it hinges on the markets' behavior. Lecture 9 is about real estate. It's another long-standing interest of mine to try to incorporate psychology into our theory of finance. Lecture 10 is about Behavioral Finance. I talked about that. I'll talk about how psychology in finance. I've been working for years.  Lecture 12 is about banking, multiple expansion of credit, the money multiplier, and bank regulation. We're seeing a change in bank regulation that will, we hope, prevent another crisis like the one we just went through. Lecture 13 is about forwards and futures markets. These are most typically stock options, which allow you to purchase a share of a stock or to sell a share at a pre-specified price. They have a price that goes up and down. This is a derivative contract that injects a lot of complexity into financial theory.  Lecture 15 is about the central banks of the world and how they help prevent crises like the one we've just seen. Lecture 17 is about professional money managers like David Swensen, people who manage portfolios. Managing a portfolio means managing the risks, putting them in the right places. In fact, some of you may be doing it sooner than you realize if you get the right kind of job. You don't have to be a billionaire to manage a billion-dollar portfolio. In this lecture, I want to give you some sense of the revolution that we're seeing.  Lecture 18 is about exchanges, brokers, dealers, clearinghouses, like the New York Stock Exchange or the London Stock Exchange. Lecture 19 is about public and nonprofit finance. Nonprofit finance would include organizations like Yale University, or churches and charities. And that means governments financing projects. The City of New Haven, like other cities, is issuing debt and it's a complicated business. I want to get you into some of the details, because it matters, because this is how you make things happen.  Many people who are wealthy and who have succeeded in finance really don't care about spending the money on themselves. But there is an idea among many of them that they are going to do their good things for the world. I just want to come back in the last lecture to the idea that this is a course not about making money. I don't want you to give a billion dollars to your children and grandchildren, which they will then squander in conspicuous consumption, the idea is a moral purpose.  Because I think many of you will do these things, I want to think about the purpose that you'll find in finance. I'll see you again on Wednesday. But the closing thought is that this is about making your purposes happen.



(1) RQUGE:4.7086
Q1:Where can you find the video?
Q2:Where will the video be posted?
Best ans: The video was shot for Open Yale. It will be posted on the internet.
['A0: On the internet.', 'A1: On the internet', 'A2: The video was shot for Open Yale.', 'A3: The video was shot for Open Yale. It will be posted on the internet.', 'A4: online', 'A5: Yale University', 'A6: on the internet', 'A7: the internet']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(3) RQUGE:4.347
Q1:When did Yale University first offer this course for free?
Q2:When was the last time the course was filmed?
Best ans: The first time this course has been filmed for Open Yale was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008. So, the final answer is 2008.
['A0: It was filmed for Open Yale in 2008. The first time this course was  film for Open Yale was in 2008. So, the final answer is 2008', 'A1: Three years ago. The first time this course has been filmed was in 2008. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. So, the final answer is 2008.', 'A2: The first time this course has been filmed for Open Yale was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008. So, the final answer is 2008. The first.', 'A3: The first time this course has been filmed for Open Yale was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed was for the first time in 2008. So, the final answer is 2008.', 'A4: 2007', 'A5: 2008.', 'A6: in 2008', 'A7: three years ago']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(4) RQUGE:4.3298
Q1:Who was on the Forbes 400 list?
Q2:What are some of the people on the Forbes 400 list?
Best ans: Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gate are on the Forbes 400 list of the richest people in America.
['A0: Forbes 400 list includes Oprah Winfrey.', 'A1: Bill Gates is on the Forbes 400 list of richest people in America and Jerry Seinfeld is on both lists', 'A2: A single movie star or a single athlete on the Forbes 400 list is Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Steven Spielberg.', 'A3: Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gate are on the Forbes 400 list of the richest people in America.', 'A4: Jerry Seinfeld', 'A5: Howard Kurtz', 'A6: Steven Spielberg', 'A7: Bill Gates']
Text: I wanted to compare finance jobs with jobs in other fields, including economists, socologists, political scientists and mathematicians. I said I view this course as one of the most important courses in Yale College, at least from a standpoint of your lives and careers. So, it says, if you look at financial analysts in the United States there's almost 300,000. Financial managers, it's over half a million, personal financial advisers, a quarter of a million. But compare that with economists. How about astronomers? Or mathematicians? Or Sociologists?  The number of massage therapist jobs outnumbers any of those other fields by, what is it, 100:1. I don't want to just train you for a job, but I want to be relevant in talking about finance. I mentioned before that people think that finance is the field for people who want to get rich. But I didn't see a single movie star or a single athlete on Forbes 400 of the richest people in America. And so, that's the basic core that I wanted to get.  Forbes 400 list includes Oprah Winfrey, Bill Gates and Bill Gates. Forbes has another list called the Forbes Celebrity 100, but to be on that list, you have to be a celebrity. There's something powerful about an ability to do that, and I think that it's good for you to understand and appreciate that, says Howard Kurtz. Kurtz: "No athlete is as powerful as one of these random guys on the Forbes 400. It's interesting.  Jerry Seinfeld is listed by Forbes as a possibility -- he's about the only one -- to make the list of the Forbes 400. Steven Spielberg is on both lists, but he has a whole company called DreamWorks, and he finances all kinds of movies, so he's a businessperson as well. I don't mean to diminish these celebrity people, but there's something else that goes on in finance, and it's quiet.



(5) RQUGE:4.1313
Q1:What is the main idea of the passage?
Q2:What does John Sutter say about his course?
Best ans: The author of the passage is John Sutter. He is a professor at Yale. He says that his course prepares you to do things in the world. He wants to put finance in perspective.
['A0: This is a conversation between two people about finance.', 'A1: The author of the passage is John Sutter. He is a professor at Yale. He says that his course prepares you to do things in the world.', 'A2: The author of the passage is John Sutter. He is a professor at Yale. He says that his course prepares you to do things in the world. He wants to put finance in perspective.', "A3: In John Sutter's class, finance is a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it.", 'A4: Finance and the Good Society.', 'A5: The world is discovering the importance of finance.', 'A6: Finance and the Good Society', 'A7: The world is discovering the importance of finance']
Text: The other major finance course that we have here at Yale is Economics 251. It's taught by John Geanakoplos, who is a mathematical economist and also a practitioner. But his course is definitely more theoretical and mathematical than mine.  John Geanakoplos is doing the math and the theory, and I'm doing the real world. This course is self-contained. And I'm going to keep mathematics to the minimum in these lectures. But the idea here is that we can't avoid it completely. I personally am mathematically inclined, too, but I'm understanding that we have divided our subject matter. It's not a complete division like that, but it's something like that. So, I'll give a little indication of the mathematical principles, more intuitive.  John Sutter has been teaching the Economics 252 course for 25 years. He says it prepares you to do things in the world. Sutter: "This should be a required course, actually, at Yale College, because finance is so fundamental to what we do and the structure of our lives that I don't see how you can avoid doing finance if you want to do something big and important. But I should say most of you will go into finance, because I think that most of the students have other purposes.  I like to think that many of you have a sense of purpose in life. I think it's a technology for doing things, and you don't want to be mystified by it. I hope that you have other purposes in life besides finance, even those of you who go into finance.  I want you to think about what we're doing and how it fits into what you do for your life. So, I think of finance as a kind of engineering in a way. But it's an engineering that works not with what we call a technical apparatus, but with people. And so, if we want to understand how to do these things, we have to get some technical apparatus under our belt. And that's what I'm going to try to do in this course.  The only book you have to purchase for this course is the main work that you have. The kinds of municipal securities we have and how the rating agencies rate them, that's part of this course. I believe the details matter. It's a little bit like teaching a language, right? Learning a language is really important, and you've got to learn all the words. So, I have another book also, which is actually not done yet but you can access it through Classes*v2, and later it will come out as a published book.  At this moment the title of my book is "Finance and the Good Society" I'm not sure when it will be out, but I was hoping next year, but now I'm thinking it might take longer than that. To me it's a good way to write a book, is to be writing a book and teaching a class at the same time on the same topic. We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s. And people are angry about finance these days.  People are angry about finance, people who seem to be getting rich often it seems at the expense of others. So, I wanted to try to put it in perspective. I want that to be a moral and purposeful career. And I think of it as a noble profession. And it's especially important when talking to young people like yourselves, because you're launching out on a career, and I want to put finance in the perspective. The world is discovering the importance of finance. We're living in a time in history when the developing world is exploding with growth, and these countries that are adopting modern finance.  I want this to be developing a good society. By good society, I mean a just and fair society that allows people to develop their talents and expertise. Another thought I had was that the field of finance--. So, another thought.



(8) RQUGE:4.0192
Q1:Who set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology?
Q2:What did Carnegie do?
Best ans: Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55 and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University.
['A0: Andy Warhol', 'A1: The author of The Gospel of Wealth, Andrew Carnegie, was one of the richest men in America. Carnegie decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy.', 'A2: Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55 and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy.', 'A3: Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55 and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University.', 'A4: Andy Warhol', 'A5: Edward Snowden', 'A6: Carnegie', 'A7: Carnegie Steel Company']
Text: To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake.  There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws.  Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not.  There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition.  We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue. This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.  And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(10) RQUGE:3.2298
Q1:Where does Bige Kahraman go to school? __
Q2:Where is Bige Kahraman from?
Best ans: Bilkent University in Turkey.
['A0: Bilkent University in Turkey. The fourth speaker is David Swensen.', 'A1: Behavioral Finance focuses on the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance', 'A2: Bilkent University in Turkey.', "A3: Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey. She's interested in Behavioral Finance.", 'A4: university', 'A5: Turkey', 'A6: University College London,', 'A7: University College London']
Text: David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to.  Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all.  The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now.  Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people.  All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators. That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(11) RQUGE:3.2003
Q1:Who was filmed for Open Yale?
Q2:Who is the speaker?
Best ans: Economics 252 instructor
['A0: a lecturer', 'A1: Economics 252 instructor.', 'A2: Economics 252 instructor', 'A3: A lecturer for Economics 252 at Yale University.', 'A4: Professor', 'A5: professor', 'A6: the instructor', 'A7: economist']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(12) RQUGE:3.0893
Q1:Why does this course need to be taken?
Q2:What does the course cover?
Best ans: Students in this course will learn about the structure of civilized society. The title of the course is Financial Markets and it's about what we do with our lives.
['A0: Yale University offers free courses to the world as part of Open Yale as part', 'A1: A professor explains the importance of finance in society and how it affects our lives.', 'A2: Economics 252 will be available for free to the world as part of Open Yale.', "A3: Students in this course will learn about the structure of civilized society. The title of the course is Financial Markets and it's about what we do with our lives.", 'A4: financial markets', 'A5: The title of this course is Financial Markets', 'A6: This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free', 'A7: to me, it connotes that this is about our society']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(16) RQUGE:2.0658
Q1:What is the title of the course that the speaker is describing?
Q2:What is the final answer?
Best ans: The speaker is describing a course called Economics 252. The title of the course is Financial Markets. The speaker believes that finance is a pillar of civilized society. The final answer: Finance. The title. of the class is Financial markets.
["A0: This is the second time this class has been filmed. It was filmed for Open Yale in 2008. The first time it was  filming was in 2008. It's about the future.", 'A1: Economical Markets is the title of the course that the speaker is talking about. The course title is Financial Markets. The speaker believes that finance is a pillar of civilized society. The final answer: Financial Market.', 'A2: The speaker is describing a course called Economics 252. The title of the course is Financial Markets. The speaker believes that finance is a pillar of civilized society. The final answer: Finance. The title. of the class is Financial markets.', 'A3: The speaker is describing a course called Economics 252. The title of the course is Financial Markets. The speaker believes that finance is a pillar of civilized society. The final answer: Finance. The title.', 'A4: Finance', 'A5: Investment Banking', 'A6: Open Yale', 'A7: Economics 252']
Text: Economics 252 is a course for undergraduates. It doesn't presume any prerequisites except the basic Intro Econ prerequisite. The title of the course is Financial Markets. It's about what we do with our lives, and, well, to me, it connotes that this is about our society. Finance, I believe, is, as it says in the course description, a pillar of civilized society. It's the structure through which we do things, at least on a large scale of things.  This course is one of a couple dozen courses Yale University is offering free to the world as part of Open Yale. It will be eventually posted on the internet and it will be available through Open Yale, and then by proliferation, you'll find it on many other websites as well. This is the second time this course has been filmed for Open Yale. The first time was in 2008, three years ago. The last time it was filmed for the first time in 2008. It's also about the future, although it's hard to do so.  We've had the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression, and it's been a worldwide crisis. Governments around the world are working on changing our financial institutions. So, I think that that's another reason why I want to try to keep as international a focus as I'm good at doing in this course. But I hope that those of you who are in this room are not disturbed by the camera and feel you can ask questions. You don't have to be on camera. I think I'm just being filmed.



(19) RQUGE:1.7774
Q1:What is the author's attitude towards people who show off their wealth?
Q2:What does the author say about wealth showoff?
Best ans: The author thinks that there's a long history of disgust for people who show off their wealth.
["A0: It is almost like it's a big mistake to show off wealth. The author thinks that there is a long history of disgust for people who show off their wealth.", "A1: We don't like people who show off their wealth.", "A2: Author: We don't like people who show off their wealth.", "A3: The author thinks that there's a long history of disgust for people who show off their wealth.", 'A4: disdain', 'A5: They have a moral obligation', 'A6: disdain for those people', 'A7: disgust for those people']
Text: To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake.  There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws.  Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not.  There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition.  We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue. This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.  And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



(22) RQUGE:1.487
Q1:Did any of these people have a moral purpose?
Q2:Who is involved in the financial world?
Best ans: A moral purpose is an important part of the discussion. David Swensen is an investment genius. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group.
['A0: All of these people have a moral purpose, but I wanted to have people from that side of finance.', 'A1: A moral purpose is an important part of the discussion. David Swensen is an investment genius. Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group.', 'A2: I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.', "A3: Larry Cha is a regulator. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong.", 'A4: a moral purpose', 'A5: The company was the biggest bailout of all.', 'A6: all for a good cause', 'A7: The company was the biggest bailout of all']
Text: David Swensen is Chief Investment Officer for Yale University. Swensen turned less than $1 billion into $22.9 billion in 2008. As of June of 2010, Yale's endowment was still 16.7 billion. That's a lot of money. And it's all for a good cause. He turned down opportunities to make much more on Wall Street, because he is known -- and he's continually turning them down -- as an investment genius. He can command huge salaries and bonuses if he wanted to.  Maurice "Hank" Greenberg founded American International Group in 1962. He turned it into the biggest insurance company in the world, and ran it until 2005. He's been criticized for being too tough or too aggressive at times, but he's a very involved person. Greenberg is a person who has, I think, a moral purpose that I want to illustrate for you. He's the Vice Chairman for the Council on Foreign Relations, which is a think tank that thinks about the U.S. The company was the biggest bailout of all.  The third outside speaker is Laura Cha, a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. She's the first non-Chinese delegate to the National People's Congress representing Hong Kong, and has been vice chair of the China Securities Regulatory Commission. She'll have to get up very late at night, I think, to be on for 9:00 in the morning for us from Hong Kong. I might get one or two other speakers, but that's where it stands right now.  Bige Kahraman is from Bilkent University in Turkey, and she's interested in Behavioral Finance. Behavioral Finance is the application of psychology, sociology, and other social sciences to finance. There's been a revolution in finance over the last 20 years. We have to bring people with knowledge of human beings into finance, he says. It's about people in finance -- well, I didn't completely omit mentioning it. You've got the sense that I'm interested in people.  All is not well in the financial world. Lots of bad things happen. And that's why we need regulators. That's another reason why I brought in Laura Cha, who's a regulator, by the way. Bin Li, who went to college at University College London, has broad interests including Leveraged Asset Pricing and also Behavioral Finance. So, those are the teaching assistants. I wanted to have a voice from that side of finance.



(26) RQUGE:1.1071
Q1:Where does this passage mention Andrew Carnegie?
Q2:Where did the passage come from?
Best ans: The passage is from a book called The Gospel of Wealth.
['A0: America through his Carnegie Steel Company.', 'A1: The passage is from a book called The Gospel of Wealth.', 'A2: The passage is from a book called The Gospel of Wealth. The book was written by Andrew Carnegie.', 'A3: To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars.', 'A4: American', 'A5: New York', 'A6: Carnegie Steel Company', 'A7: in America']
Text: To get on the Forbes 400, you have to have made at least a billion dollars. So, what are you going to do with a thousand million dollars? What could you do? You could buy cars, right? How many sports cars could you buy for that? What do you do with that money? But there are people who do that, and I think that there's a history of disgust for those people, a long history. We don't like people who show off their wealth, and it's almost like it's a big mistake.  There's a movement afoot today around the world of thinking about this problem, that you can get so big and powerful if you build a business and you use the financial techniques that are successful for other people, but it's meaningless unless you give it away. There's evidence that people feel that way in many different countries and cultures, because lots of countries in history have what are called sumptuary laws.  Andrew Carnegie was one of the richest men in America through his Carnegie Steel Company. He decided that once a person reaches middle age, like 50 or 55, and has made a lot of money, they really have to go into philanthropy. The theme of The Gospel of Wealth was some people are just better at affairs than other people. That means business. These people have a moral obligation to make this work for the benefit of humankind. If you make a billion dollars and you leave it to your children, chances are they're not.  There's an element of truth to Carnegie's The Gospel of Wealth, but it's not exactly true. He set up the Carnegie Institute of Technology, now called Carnegie Mellon University, Carnegie Hall in New York. He also gave the money for the prize for the first true competition on Lake Carnegie. He gave to like every imaginable university. I know at Princeton they have a Lake Carnegie. He gave them money to create Lake Carnegie, and he also gave money for a competition.  We have a society where people -- we have an increasing concentration of wealth at the top, and I don't know what we're going to do about this. But we do have a trend that may continue. This is a bubble, that there is currently a bubble in financial careers and that you are going to be disappointed, because 20 or 30 years from now if you go into a finance-related field, you'll find that it's not as lucrative as you hoped. That kind of happens, right? When a field becomes known for having a lot of successful people, then more young people go into it.  And I think that they will have a moral obligation to give their wealth away in a productive way.



