(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0985
Q1:How many minutes is the uncertainty of the model?
Q2:What was the derived uncertainty of the model?
Best ans: 4.1 minutes
['A0: 4.1 minutes is an uncertainty of the model.', 'A1: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes. so, the final answer is 4.1.', 'A2: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A3: For each record in the test set, we used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: 4.', 'A5: 4. 1', 'A6: 4.1 minutes', 'A7: 4.1']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.064
Q1:Does the model outperform existing methods?
Q2:can machine learning predict the duration of surgery
Best ans: Yes
['A0: This paper presents a model that outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the Duration of Surgery (DOS) models developed in previous studies. the model was developed using Machine Learning (ML) methods. the final answer: yes.', 'A1: Machine Learning (ML) methods to develop a model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies. the final answer: yes.', 'A2: ', 'A3: ', 'A4: No', 'A5: Yes', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0282
Q1:Where did they train their model?
Q2:What dataset was the Barket-FM-DOSM trained on?
Best ans: Surgery Dataset (SD).
['A0: Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A1: The SD', 'A2: SD', 'A3: On our Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A4: Surgery data', 'A5: Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A6: The SD', 'A7: SD']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(3)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0282
Q1:Barket-fm is trained on which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was the Barket-FM-DOSM trained on?
Best ans: Surgery Dataset (SD).
['A0: Dosm', 'A1: Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A2: The SD', 'A3: SD', 'A4: Survival', 'A5: Surgery', 'A6: Dosm', 'A7: SD']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0263
Q1:The dataset used for the experiments was what dataset?
Q2:What dataset were the causal analysis models trained on?
Best ans: Surgery Dataset (SD).
['A0: Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A1: SD', 'A2: The Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A3: The SD', 'A4: Survival', 'A5: Surgery', 'A6: Surgery data', 'A7: SD']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0047
Q1:We used which method to handle missing data of other features?
Q2:What was used to handle missing data of other features?
Best ans: Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.
['A0: Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.', 'A1: We used the Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.', 'A2: The Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique.', 'A3: Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique', 'A4: Segmentation', 'A5: Sequencing', 'A6: Sequence of Regression Models (SRM) technique', 'A7: SRM']
Text:The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9525
Q1:The experiments were conducted on which dataset? which dataset?
Q2:What dataset was used for training and testing?
Best ans: The Surgery Dataset (SD) was used
['A0: Survival dataset', 'A1: The Surgery Dataset (SD) was used', 'A2: The SD', 'A3: SD', 'A4: Surgery', 'A5: Survival', 'A6: Healthcare', 'A7: Surgery data']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9419
Q1:In which section of a journal can you find this article?
Q2:Where is Table 1 located?
Best ans: Section 2
['A0: Dos', 'A1: Duration of Surgery (DOS) section', 'A2: Feature importance', 'A3: Section 2', 'A4: Feature importance', 'A5: Data analysis', 'A6: Dos', 'A7: Clinical applications']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9386
Q1:How much of Surgery Dataset (SD) was used to train model
Q2:What percentage of the Surgery Dataset was used for training model?
Best ans: 70% of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model.
['A0: 70% of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model. the final answer: 70%.', 'A1: 70 % of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training', 'A2: 70 % of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model.', 'A3: 70% of the Surgery Dataset (SD) was used for training model.', 'A4: 90%', 'A5: 30%', 'A6: 70', 'A7: 70%']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(9)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9185
Q1:Feature importance was computed using which algorithm?
Q2:What was used to compute feature importance?
Best ans: The Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm.
['A0: The Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm.', 'A1: The Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A2: Shap', 'A3: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', 'A4: Shapple', 'A5: Shapp', 'A6: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', 'A7: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(10)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9087
Q1:Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model developed by this team is called what?
Q2:What is the supervised regression model developed by the DOS methodology called?
Best ans: Dostm
['A0: Duration of Surgery (DOS) is a regression model developed by this team.', 'A1: Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.', 'A2: Dostm is the name of the Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model developed by this team.', 'A3: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model is developed by this team.', 'A4: Dostm', 'A5: Dosm.', 'A6: The dosm', 'A7: Dosm']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8989
Q1:Who developed this model? no answer>>
Q2:Does the dataset or machine learning algorithms have a bearing on the model's performance?
Best ans: No one
['A0: Dr. barket', 'A1: Dr. barket et al.', 'A2: Barket et al.', 'A3: Barket et al. (2019)', 'A4: No', 'A5: The authors', 'A6: No one', 'A7: Barket et al.']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(12)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.8435
Q1:Does the method used in this paper use any other methods than regression models?
Q2:is the drool model based on a single variable
Best ans: No
['A0: This paper uses regression models to model the durations of surgery performed.', 'A1: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervision is used in this paper to develop a supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.', 'A2: We used a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model to model the DOS. the method is described in the paper as follows:', 'A3: We used a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model to model the DOS.', 'A4: No', 'A5: Yes', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(13)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.8384
Q1:Why did they use lassocv algorithm for cross validation?
Q2:What is the purpose of the LassoCV algorithm?
Best ans: To find the optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation
['A0: They used lassocv algorithm to cross validate their model.', 'A1: This method is used to find optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation.', 'A2: The lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A3: To find the optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation.', 'A4: Iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation.', 'A5: Optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation', 'A6: Finds the optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation', 'A7: To find the optimal parameters for a lasso model using cross-validation']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(14)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7137
Q1:Which model has the best performance?
Q2:What is the name of the best performing model?
Best ans: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.
['A0: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.', 'A1: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.', 'A2: The Mean Absolute Error (MAE) values for the three algorithms are presented in table 6: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) GBT', 'A3: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model. the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: Grt', 'A5: Bt', 'A6: Gt', 'A7: Gbt']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(15)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7137
Q1:Which model has the best performance?
Q2:What is the name of the best performing model?
Best ans: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.
['A0: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.', 'A1: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model.', 'A2: The Mean Absolute Error (MAE) values for the three algorithms are presented in table 6: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) GBT', 'A3: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) is the best performing model. the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across all three algorithms. the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A4: Grt', 'A5: Bt', 'A6: Gt', 'A7: Gbt']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(16)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6827
Q1:Which model is used to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS)?
Q2:What model had the best performance?
Best ans: A Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model
['A0: A Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model', 'A1: A Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model was developed to model the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A2: Supervised Machine Learning (ML) techniques to develop supervised ml models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the model outperformed earlier models', 'A3: The model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A4: Drilling', 'A5: Drilling time', 'A6: Drilling time model', 'A7: Supervised Machine Learning (ML) techniques']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6014
Q1:The data was obtained from which public hospital?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital)
['A0: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) is a public', 'A1: Aviv sourasky medical center’s (tasm)', 'A2: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital)', 'A3: The Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm)', 'A4: Israel.', 'A5: Tashkent', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital)']
Text:The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(18)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5628
Q1:How was derived uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT)?
Q2:What is the uncertainty of the Gradient Boosted Trees model?
Best ans: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.
['A0: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes. so, the final answer is 4.1.', 'A1: We used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A2: For each record in the test set, we used the dosm to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT). the derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Using the dosm', 'A5: For every record', 'A6: 4.1 minutes.', 'A7: The dosm to predict']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5622
Q1:We used what two models to estimate the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of features?
Q2:What are the two main Machine Learning model types?
Best ans: Propensity score and heterogeneity model
['A0: Propensity score and heterogeneity model', 'A1: To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms. propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating heterogenity of the treatment effect.', 'A2: A feature is a record that has a particular value assigned to it in a set of other features. the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of a feature is the difference in the mean of outcomes between data records with different values assigned to that feature. two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity model, are used for estimating causal effects:', 'A3: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is propensity and heterogenity models.', 'A4: Forest-based algorithms.', 'A5: Forest-based algorithms', 'A6: Eq (1)', 'A7: Heterogeneity model']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(20)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5588
Q1:Why is uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model higher than dosm?
Q2:What is the final answer of the GBT model?
Best ans: 4.1 minutes was derived uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model. so the final answer is 4.1.
['A0: 4.1 minutes was derived uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model. so the final answer is 4.1. the final answer: 4.1 ( minutes ).', 'A1: 4.1 minutes was derived uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model.', 'A2: 4.1 minutes was derived uncertainty of Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model. so the final answer is 4.1.', 'A3: ', 'A4: 4.1 minutes.', 'A5: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model is better than dosm', 'A6: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) model is better', 'A7: 4.1 minutes']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(21)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5566
Q1:Using dosm, what are the six stages?
Q2:What are the six stages of the methodology?
Best ans: Collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery (DOS); developing a dos-supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.
['A0: This paper presents a methodology for developing a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.', 'A1: Using dosm, we collect and preprocess a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A2: Collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery (DOS); developing a dos-supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.', 'A3: Using dosm, we collect and preprocess a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery (DOS). we develop a dos supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.', 'A4: Collection', 'A5: Development', 'A6: Developing a dos', 'A7: Developing a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(22)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5519
Q1:Which model is used in the paper? no answer>
Q2:What is Barket-FM-DOSM?
Best ans: Duration of Surgery (DOS) model
['A0: No', 'A1: Dosm', 'A2: Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A3: A Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A4: Dosm', 'A5: No', 'A6: Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A7: A Duration of Surgery (DOS) model']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(23)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4853
Q1:How are the regression metrics calculated?
Q2:What is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data?
Best ans: For each record, we used the following three metrics to evaluate our model’s performance: yi = the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i ti = true value of dos, and n = the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output we used k-fold cross-validation.
['A0: For each record, we used the following three metrics to evaluate our model’s performance: yi = the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i ti = true value of dos, and n = the number of records.', 'A1: To evaluate our grid search output we used k-fold cross-validation. the metrics are computed as follow: yi = predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti = the true value of dos and n is the number of records.', 'A2: A regression model can be evaluated by using Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error, and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). the metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record (i), ti is true value of dos (dos), and n is the number of records.', 'A3: For each record, we used the following three metrics to evaluate our model’s performance: yi = the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i ti = true value of dos, and n = the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output we used k-fold cross-validation.', 'A4: Use k-fold cross-validation', 'A5: Use k-fold cross-validation to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A6: Use k-fold cross-validation to fully and effectively utilize data', 'A7: The metrics are computed as follow:']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4653
Q1:What is Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of a feature?
Q2:What does the Average Treatment Effect of a feature do?
Best ans: Measures difference in the mean between data records with different values assigned to a feature whose value range is binary
['A0: Measures difference in the mean between data records with different values assigned to a feature whose value range is binary', 'A1: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). the propensity score is used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are used for estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogenity model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A2: Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of a feature measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. the ATE is a measure of the difference between the mean and the variance of the outcome between data record with the same value.', 'A3: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). the propensity score is used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are used for estimating heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A4: Binary)', 'A5: Mean', 'A6: Binary', 'A7: Whose value range is binary)']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(25)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4622
Q1:Who developed this model? no answer>
Q2:Whose model did we train on our Surgery Dataset?
Best ans: Dr. barket et al.
['A0: Dr. barket', 'A1: A team of surgeons', 'A2: Dr. barket et al.', 'A3: Barket et al.', 'A4: No', 'A5: No one', 'A6: The authors', 'A7: Barket et al.']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(26)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4622
Q1:Who developed this model?
Q2:Whose model did we train on our Surgery Dataset?
Best ans: Dr. barket et al.
['A0: Dr. barket et al.', 'A1: Dr. barket et al. (2019)', 'A2: The model is developed by barket et al.', 'A3: Barket et al. (2019)', 'A4: Et al', 'A5: Dr. barket', 'A6: Dosm', 'A7: The authors']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3899
Q1:How to estimate Duration of Surgery (DOS)? a supervised model
Q2:What is presented in this study?
Best ans: A supervised model for estimating Duration of Surgery (DOS) based on a novel feature set
['A0: Accurate estimation of surgery (dos) a nonlinear model.', 'A1: Accurate estimation of surgery (dos) a nonlinear model', 'A2: A supervised model for estimating DOS', 'A3: A supervised model for estimating Duration of Surgery (DOS) based on a novel feature set', 'A4: Constructing an accurate prediction model for the DOS', 'A5: A supervised model for estimating DOS', 'A6: A supervised model for estimating DOS', 'A7: A supervised model']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(28)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.344
Q1:A supervised model for DOS
Q2:What do we present in this study?
Best ans: A supervised model for Duration of Surgery (DOS).
['A0: A supervised model for Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A1: Identifying influential features of DOS', 'A2: The purpose of this paper is to:', 'A3: We present a supervised model for Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A4: Predictive models for operative duration', 'A5: Predictive models for operative DOS', 'A6: A supervised model for Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A7: Modeling the DOS']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(29)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3046
Q1:What are the inputs to the models?
Q2:What are the inputs to the causal analysis models?
Best ans: Counterfactual features x and vector for the model’s target feature y
['A0: Models for causal analysis were trained on Surgery Dataset (SD). the inputs to these models are: counterfactual features x and a vector for the model’s target feature y. the hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in table 3:', 'A1: X and y are vectors of the counterfactual features. the hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in table 3 table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A2: Input: a vector of the counterfactual features (x) and a vector for the model’s target feature (y). the hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in table 3. table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A3: The inputs to the models are a vector of the counterfactual features x and a vector for the model’s target feature y. the hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) and propensity models are listed in table 3 table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values were the highest, in decreasing order. half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A4: Contrariwise and target feature', 'A5: Vector for the model’s target feature', 'A6: Counterfactual features x and vector for the model’s target feature y.', 'A7: Counterfactual features x and vector for the model’s target feature y']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(30)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.2301
Q1:Predictive models for Duration of Surgery (DOS): a new approach
Q2:How is the accuracy of the DOS prediction model improved?
Best ans: To improve the accuracy of Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction models, we introduce a novel feature set on which the model was trained.
['A0: The purpose of this paper is to:', 'A1: A new approach to predict the DOS', 'A2: Predictive models for Duration of Surgery (DOS): a new approach', 'A3: To improve the accuracy of Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction models, we introduce a novel feature set on which the model was trained.', 'A4: A novel approach to predict the DOS', 'A5: Identifying influential and causal features of DOS', 'A6: Modeling the Duration of Surgery (DOS): a new approach', 'A7: Predictive models for Duration of Surgery (DOS): a new approach.']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(31)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1694
Q1:Where were surgical records obtained?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department.
['A0: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital)', 'A1: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A2: The Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A3: From the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A4: Televisa', 'A5: Israel.', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Tasm']
Text:The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1694
Q1:Who was involved in this study?
Q2:Where was the data obtained from?
Best ans: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department.
['A0: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital)', 'A1: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A2: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm)', 'A3: Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm) (a public hospital) surgery department.', 'A4: Israeli', 'A5: Israel', 'A6: Researchers', 'A7: Tasm']
Text:The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(33)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.1565
Q1:Which model is used for training and testing?
Q2:What models were used to predict binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain?
Best ans: We used the following models: rf Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) Deep Neural Networks (DNNs).
['A0: DNNs', 'A1: We used the following models: rf Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) Deep Neural Networks (DNNs).', 'A2: We used the following models: rf Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) DNNs', 'A3: Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) were used for training and testing.', 'A4: Drastically', 'A5: Dnn', 'A6: DNNs', 'A7: Rf']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1522
Q1:Which feature is most important?
Q2:What is the most important feature?
Best ans: Timeline of surgery is the most important feature.
['A0: Timeline of surgery', 'A1: Timeline of surgery is the most important feature.', 'A2: Timeline of surgery is the most important feature. the 8 features with the highest absolute pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery (DOS) are presented in decreasing order of correlation values.', 'A3: DOS', 'A4: Results', 'A5: Duration', 'A6: Pearson correlation', 'A7: DOS']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1421
Q1:In which stage of dosm methodology is the model developed
Q2:What is DOSM?
Best ans: Development of a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model
['A0: Developing a Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A1: Dosm comprises six stages', 'A2: The model is developed in the first stage.', 'A3: Development of a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model', 'A4: Dos', 'A5: Modeling', 'A6: Collecting and preprocessing', 'A7: Preprocessing a dataset']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0299
Q1:How many stages does the dosm methodology comprise?
Q2:How many stages does the DOSM method have?
Best ans: This method is a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model. our methodology comprises six stages.
['A0: We methodologies comprise 6 steps.', 'A1: We methodologies comprise 6 steps. fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.', 'A2: This method is a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model.', 'A3: This method is a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model. our methodology comprises six stages.', 'A4: Sixth', 'A5: 6', 'A6: Six', 'A7: Six stages']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0135
Q1:Predictive models for DOS
Q2:What does this study present?
Best ans: We present a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) nonlinear regression model that outperforms earlier results and identifies influential features.
['A0: Identifying influential features of Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A1: Identifying influential features of DOS', 'A2: The purpose of this paper is to:', 'A3: We present a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) nonlinear regression model that outperforms earlier results and identifies influential features.', 'A4: Determining influence of influence on operative duration', 'A5: Predictive models of DOS', 'A6: Surgical duration prediction models', 'A7: Predictive models of DOS']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9922
Q1:Modeling Duration of Surgery (DOS) using ML
Q2:Did the model we developed outperform other models?
Best ans: A model was developed using Machine Learning (ML) methods to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies.
['A0: Machine Learning (ML) methods to develop an supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies.', 'A1: A model was developed using Machine Learning (ML) methods to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies. the final answer: ML', 'A2: A model was developed using Machine Learning (ML) methods to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies.', 'A3: The paper presents a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies.', 'A4: Model', 'A5: Modeling DOS', 'A6: Predicting the DOS', 'A7: Machine Learning (ML) methods']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(39)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.9845
Q1:Why did they use filtered features?
Q2:What did we do so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features?
Best ans: Filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal
['A0: This allows for a bigger impact of the causal features on the prediction value of the model.', 'A1: Training using only the causal feature values allowed for the cf values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model', 'A2: So that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features.', 'A3: The comparison would not be based on highly correlated features.', 'A4: For training only cf values allowed the cf', 'A5: To calculate feature importance, we developed', 'A6: Filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal', 'A7: To calculate feature importance']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(40)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.9808
Q1:What is the difference between a dosm model and a filtered feature set?
Q2:What was the DOSM-F model used for?
Best ans: The model dosm-f is similar to dosm, but with filtered feature set. the model was used to estimate the potential change in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in causal feature values.
['A0: Cf and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF) are two different models.', 'A1: The model dosm-f is similar to dosm, but with filtered feature set.', 'A2: The model dosm-f is similar to dosm, but with filtered feature set. the model was used to estimate the potential change in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in causal feature values.', 'A3: Dosm-f model was used to estimate the potential change in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in causal feature values', 'A4: FNCF', 'A5: Similar to dosm, but with filtered features', 'A6: Model dosm-f', 'A7: Developed a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model using']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(41)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.977
Q1:Predicting duration of surgeon
Q2:Did the model outperform earlier models?
Best ans: The study used supervised Machine Learning (ML) models to develop supervised models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. the model outperformed earlier models.
['A0: The study used supervised Machine Learning (ML) models to develop supervised models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A1: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A2: The study used supervised Machine Learning (ML) models to develop supervised models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A3: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. the model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE).', 'A4: Dr.', 'A5: The dosm', 'A6: Surgery', 'A7: Surgical staff idle time']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9603
Q1:A model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features
Q2:What is the DOSM-F model?
Best ans: Model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features. we developed the model dosm-f, as it is similar to dosm, but with filtered features, and trained using only cf values.
['A0: The model was trained on a dataset of Duration of Surgery (DOS) data. the model used a model for duration of survival (dost) with filtered non-causal features.', 'A1: Model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features. we developed the model dosm-f, as it is similar to dosm, but with filtered features, and trained using only cf values.', 'A2: Model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features.', 'A3: This paper presents a model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features.', 'A4: Dosm-f', 'A5: Model dosm-f', 'A6: Dosm-f model', 'A7: Model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) with filtered non-causal features']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(43)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.8712
Q1:We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output.
Q2:What method is commonly used to fully and effectively utilize data?
Best ans: This method is used to evaluate the performance of a model. the metrics used are Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage (map), and root mean square erron (rmse). the k-fold cross-validation method is commonly used to fully and effectively utilize data.
['A0: This method is used to evaluate the performance of a model. the metrics used are Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage (map), and root mean square erron (rmse).', 'A1: In order to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k - fold cross- validation, a commonly used method.', 'A2: This method is used to evaluate the performance of a model. the metrics used are Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage (map), and root mean square erron (rmse). the k-fold cross-validation method is commonly used to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A3: Y=the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, t=the true value of dos, and n=the number of records. k=the cross-validation method used to evaluate the grid search output.', 'A4: K-fold cross-validation', 'A5: The grid search output', 'A6: To fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A7: Method to fully and effectively utilize data']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.867
Q1:In which datasets were the experiments conducted in this paper?
Q2:What dataset did we use for training and testing?
Best ans: Surgery Dataset (SD): a healthcare dataset that contains a large number of surgical procedures.
['A0: The Surgery Dataset (SD) is the only dataset that we used.', 'A1: Surgery Dataset (SD): a healthcare dataset that contains a large number of surgical procedures.', 'A2: In this paper, we used the Surgery Dataset (SD), which is a healthcare dataset with a large number and variety of surgical procedures.', 'A3: The Surgery Dataset (SD) is a healthcare dataset that contains a large number of surgical procedures.', 'A4: Survival', 'A5: Healthcare dataset', 'A6: Healthcare', 'A7: Surgery']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8658
Q1:Duration of Surgery (DOS) models for surgery scheduling
Q2:Did the model outperform earlier models?
Best ans: Machine Learning (ML) models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. the model outperformed earlier models.
['A0: Predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) models for surgery scheduling.', 'A1: Machine Learning (ML) models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A2: Machine Learning (ML) models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A3: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A4: Use of Duration of Surgery (DOS) models for surgery scheduling.', 'A5: Predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians and surgery', 'A6: Use of Duration of Surgery (DOS) models for surgery scheduling', 'A7: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7858
Q1:How to estimate Duration of Surgery (DOS)?
Q2:What is the purpose of this study?
Best ans: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) model.
['A0: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) model.', 'A1: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A2: A supervised model for the Duration of Surgery (DOS) is proposed.', 'A3: This study presents a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) nonlinear regression model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results.', 'A4: Accurate estimation of the time DOS', 'A5: Predicting DOS', 'A6: A supervised model for estimating DOS', 'A7: Predicting DOS']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7759
Q1:How do we determine the importance of features in a Duration of Surgery (DOS) model?
Q2:What is the DOSM-F model?
Best ans: Using Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF), we developed a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in cf and filtered non-causal  feature set. we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on dos also had a negative effect on the dos predicted value. we call this model dosm-f, as it is similar to dosm, but with filtered features.
['A0: A Duration of Surgery (DOS) model is a prediction model that predicts DOS. to calculate feature importance, we developed a duration of survival model using the features in cf and filtered non-causal features set to determine the importance of the feature.', 'A1: Using Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF), we developed a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in cf and filtered non-causal  feature set. we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on dos also had a negative effect on the dos predicted value.', 'A2: Using Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF), we developed a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model using the features in cf and filtered non-causal  feature set. we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on dos also had a negative effect on the dos predicted value. we call this model dosm-f, as it is similar to dosm, but with filtered features.', 'A3: The data was collected from a retrospective cohort study. we used the cf and filtered non causality feature sets to train a Duration of Surgery (DOS) model. we filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. we developed a DOS prediction model using the features in cf.', 'A4: Training only on the cf values', 'A5: Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF).', 'A6: Filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features', 'A7: FNCF']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(48)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.6909
Q1:In what way are the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values computed?
Q2:What are the two main Machine Learning model types used for estimating causal effects?
Best ans: Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.
['A0: To calculate the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values we use eq (1) and its extensions. the propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A1: Average Treatment Effect (ATE) values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.', 'A2: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). the propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogenic model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A3: We use eq (1) and its extensions for Average Treatment Effect (ATE). the propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A4: Uses', 'A5: Binary)', 'A6: Binary', 'A7: Use eq (1) and its extensions']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(49)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.6824
Q1:What is the dataset used for training and testing?
Q2:What did we split for training and testing?
Best ans: Surgery Dataset (SD): 70% for training and 30% for testing.
['A0: The Surgery Dataset (SD) is a collection of surgical procedures.', 'A1: A dataset of surgical procedures in the united states.', 'A2: The Surgery Dataset (SD) is a healthcare dataset that contains a large number of surgical procedures.', 'A3: Surgery Dataset (SD): 70% for training and 30% for testing.', 'A4: Survival', 'A5: Surgery', 'A6: Surgery data', 'A7: SD']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6685
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What did the supervised regression model do?
Best ans: Predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries.
['A0: Model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features.', 'A1: Model to predict DOS', 'A2: Predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries.', 'A3: This paper presents a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries.', 'A4: Predict the duration', 'A5: To predict the DOS', 'A6: Model DOS', 'A7: Predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using ML']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(51)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.6091
Q1:The authors used which method to compute feature importance?
Q2:3 out of 8 features selected are the same for which two methods?
Best ans: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.
['A0: The Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A1: Pearson correlation', 'A2: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', 'A3: Shap', 'A4: Shapp', 'A5: Pearson correlation.', 'A6: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation', 'A7: Pearson correlation']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(52)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.578
Q1:How was the model compared to the baseline?
Q2:What was the baseline model able to predict?
Best ans: The baseline was a model that used a single feature to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS). the model was able to predict a significant amount of the duration.
['A0: A model that incorporates all of these methods was developed and tested. the model was compared to the baseline model that used a mixture of methods.', 'A1: The baseline was a model that used a single feature to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS). the model was able to predict a significant amount of the duration.', 'A2: The baseline was a model that used a single feature to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS). the model was able to predict a significant amount of the duration. the final answer: yes.', 'A3: We used pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction. the model was able to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS) with a 95% accuracy.', 'A4: Averaging', 'A5: Improved', 'A6: Pearson correlation', 'A7: Model’s prediction']
Text:To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. We used Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.



(53)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.4805
Q1:Duration of Surgery (DOS) models for surgery scheduling in israel
Q2:What did the model do in terms of MAE?
Best ans: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. models outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE).
['A0: The study focuses on the use of supervised Machine Learning (ML) models to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A1: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. models outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE).', 'A2: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A3: Machine Learning (ML) models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A4: Use of Duration of Surgery (DOS) models', 'A5: A model for predicting the Duration of Surgery (DOS) in israel', 'A6: A model for predicting the DOS', 'A7: Predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians and surgery']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.391
Q1:What is the full list of features?
Q2:What is the full list of features in the data?
Best ans: List of features is shown in table 1. the full list of features, indication of whether a feature is novel, the value range of each feature, and the statistics of each of the features are shown in table 1.
['A0: In the data, a feature is novel when it is not a novel feature. the full list of features is shown in table 1.', 'A1: This paper presents the full list of features of the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center (TASM)’s (tasm) surgery department.', 'A2: List of features is shown in table 1. the full list of features, indication of whether a feature is novel, the value range of each feature, and the statistics of each of the features are shown in table 1.', 'A3: List of features is shown in table 1. the full list of features, indication of whether a feature is novel, the value range of each feature, and the statistics of each of the features are shown in table 1. the missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.', 'A4: List of surgical records', 'A5: The following features are shown in table 1:', 'A6: Features are shown in table 1', 'A7: The full list of features is shown in table 1']
Text:The data was obtained from the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center’s (TASM) (a public hospital) surgery department. The data included 23,293 retrospective surgical records, focusing on the eight most common surgeries in this department between 2010 and 2020. The full list of features is shown in Table 1. The table shows feature names, indication of whether a feature is novel (by a V in the Novel column), the value range of each feature, and values’ statistics. For handling missing data of other features, we used the Sequence of Regression Models technique.  The missing values of features were computed using the values of other features.



(55)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.3412
Q1:The authors evaluated the performance of their model by performing what metrics?
Q2:What method was used to evaluate the grid search output?
Best ans: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) are regression metrics. k-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.
['A0: The authors used the following regression metrics: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE).', 'A1: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) are regression metrics. k-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A2: They evaluated model’s performance by performing regression metrics. they evaluated the grid search output by performing k-fold cross-validation, which is commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A3: We used the following regression metrics: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error, Root Mean Square Error (RMSE).', 'A4: MAE', 'A5: The regression metrics MAE', 'A6: The regression metrics', 'A7: K-fold cross-validation']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.3129
Q1:What is used to evaluate the grid search output using k fold cross-validation?
Q2:What method was used to evaluate the grid search output?
Best ans: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) are metrics used to evaluate the grid search output. k-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.
['A0: A common method to fully and effectively utilize data is k-fold cross-validation. the metrics are computed as follow: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error, and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A1: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) are metrics used to evaluate the grid search output. k-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A2: A common method to fully and effectively utilize data is k-fold cross-validation. the metrics are computed as follow: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolute percent error, and Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records. the grid search output is used to evaluate the grid search.', 'A3: Yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation.', 'A4: Regression metrics', 'A5: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolut', 'A6: Data sets', 'A7: Metrics']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(57)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.1677
Q1:Using Machine Learning (ML) to predict DOS
Q2:What are some of the things we do to help the model's predictions?
Best ans: In this paper, we use Machine Learning (ML) to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use a broad range of patient features and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we provide a prediction for both the elective (elective surgery) and the emergency surgery classes. we study a wide range of patients and surgical personnel features. we analyze the model's predictions using explanatorial algorithms.
['A0: This article presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. the paper presents a model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) using a combination of Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are based upon a large number of patient features and surgical personnel features. the authors use a variety of methods to explain the model’s predictions. the main purpose of this paper is to provide a new approach to predicting dos using ml.', "A1: We present a model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) (dom), a key factor in the scheduling of surgeries. we use a multi-faceted approach to explain the model’s behavior. we analyze the model and its predictions using explanatory algorithms. we identify causal relationships between the model's predictions and the patient and surgical staff features we study. we show that our models can be used to improve the performance of or scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time, and that our model can be applied to other or management applications.", "A2: In this paper, we use Machine Learning (ML) to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use a broad range of patient features and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we provide a prediction for both the elective (elective surgery) and the emergency surgery classes. we study a wide range of patients and surgical personnel features. we analyze the model's predictions using explanatorial algorithms.", "A3: In this paper, we use Machine Learning (ML) to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use a broad range of patient features and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we provide a prediction for both the elective (elective surgery) and the emergency surgery classes. we study a wide range of patients and surgical personnel features. we analyze the model's predictions using explanatorial algorithms. using the identified causal relationships, or teams can control and adjust dos values.", 'A4: To improve the performance of or management, we propose a Machine Learning (ML) model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) using a broad range of patient features and surgical staff features. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our prediction model’s predictions, and use causal inference algorithm for analysis of our model’ s predictions and its outcomes.', 'A5: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML). we present a model that predicts dos using a broad range of patient and surgical staff features. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to improve the performance in or scheduling.', 'A6: This article introduces a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML). the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, the objectives, and the state of ml in healthcare.', 'A7: A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML).']
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(58)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.0915
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What did we do to decrease patient waiting time?
Best ans: Using Machine Learning (ML) to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients
['A0: A model that can predict the duration and cost of surgery', 'A1: Using Machine Learning (ML) to predict DOS', 'A2: Using Machine Learning (ML) to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients', 'A3: Models to predict DOS', 'A4: Modeling Duration of Surgery (DOS) in a hospital', 'A5: Development of models that predict DOS', 'A6: Modeling DOS', 'A7: Predicting DOS']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0893
Q1:Who designed and developed this model?
Q2:Who developed the model?
Best ans: A team of researchers from the university of california, berkeley. the model was developed by the team. the final answer: a team from the university of california. the team.
['A0: Dr. aruna kumari, dr. anupam kher, drs. anil kumari and dr. sushil kumar singh', 'A1: A team of researchers from the university of california, berkeley. the model was developed by the team. the final answer: a team from the university of california. the team.', 'A2: The model was developed by dr. aruna kumari. dr. kumari is a theoretical physicist. dr arun kumari has published many papers in the field of theoretical physics. so, the final answer is dr a. kumar.', 'A3: A team of researchers from the university of california, berkeley. the model was developed by the team. the final answer: a team from the university of california.', 'A4: Syed ahmed', 'A5: The authors.', 'A6: Professor', 'A7: Researchers']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0838
Q1:Why did they split their datasets for training and testing
Q2:How did the researchers split the SD?
Best ans: To test their model, they split the Surgery Dataset (SD): 70% for training and 30% for testing.
['A0: Surgery Dataset (SD): 70% training and 30% testing', 'A1: 70% for training and 30% for testing', 'A2: To test their model, they split the Surgery Dataset (SD): 70% for training and 30% for testing.', 'A3: We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.', 'A4: Testing', 'A5: Testing their model', 'A6: They measured the performance metrics', 'A7: 70% for training and 30% for testing.']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(61)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.0278
Q1:Who was trained on this dataset?
Q2:What three types of models were used?
Best ans: A model was trained on this dataset. the model was composed of: rf, Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT), and Deep Neural Networks (DNNs).
['A0: Training and testing our model was done on the Surgery Dataset (SD).', 'A1: A model was trained on this dataset.', 'A2: A model was trained on this dataset. the model was composed of: rf, Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT), and Deep Neural Networks (DNNs).', 'A3: Surgery Dataset (SD) was trained on the following model: rf, Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT), and DNNs', 'A4: The surgeons', 'A5: Model', 'A6: Patients', 'A7: Surgeons']
Text:Recent studies have shown that RF, Gradient Boosted Trees, and Deep Neural Networks are capable of accurately predicting both binary and high-variance continuous variables in the healthcare domain. For training and testing our model, we split the Surgery Dataset: 70% for training and 30% for testing. We measured the performance metrics for the whole training set and for each of its sub-sets, partitioned by surgery type.



(62)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.9525
Q1:Which features influence the Duration of Surgery (DOS)?
Q2:What did we identify?
Best ans: The 10 most influential features and the 10 causal features
['A0: The purpose of this study is to:', 'A1: Identifying influential features of DOS', 'A2: A novel feature set is used to train a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) model.', 'A3: A novel feature set is used to train a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) model. the model is able to predict the DOS.', 'A4: The 10 most influential features and the 10 causal features.', 'A5: A novel feature set is used to train a supervised Duration of Surgery (DOS) model.', 'A6: The 10 most influential features and the 10 causal features', 'A7: A novel feature set on which the model was trained.']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(63)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9196
Q1:Introduction the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.
Q2:What do we use to explain our model's predictions?
Best ans: We present a model for the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction in the operating room (or) and its implications for or management and patient satisfaction, and propose an explanation of the model’s predictions and its causal inference algorithms for the model and its predictions. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain our model’ s predictions, and we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions.
['A0: We present a model for the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction in the operating room (or) and its implications for or management and patient satisfaction, and propose an explanation of the model’s predictions and its causal inference algorithms for the model and its predictions.', "A1: We present a model for the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction in the operating room (or) and its implications for or management and patient satisfaction, and propose an explanation of the model’s predictions and its causal inference algorithms for the model and its predictions. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain our model’ s predictions, and we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions.", 'A2: In this paper, we present a model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction using a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. we use a variety of Machine Learning (ML) techniques to model the model and its predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used for both elective and emergency surgery classes and that it can be applied to both electives and emergency surgeries classes.', "A3: We present a model for the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction in the operating room (or) and its implications for or management and patient satisfaction, and propose an explanation of the model’s predictions and its causal inference algorithms for the model and its predictions. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain our model’ s predictions, and we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model's predictions. using our model, or management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time, and surgery team idle time, using the identified causal relationships.", 'A4: Surgical Duration of Surgery (DOS) is a complex problem that requires a multi-faceted approach. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, motivation for this study and its objectives.', 'A5: In this paper, we present a novel model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) in the operating room (or) and propose a new approach to the problem.', 'A6: An introduction the paper presents the state of the art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.', 'A7: Context: the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.']
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9185
Q1:What is used to evaluate the grid search output
Q2:What is the K-fold cross-validation method?
Best ans: K-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.
['A0: For the grid search, we used k-fold cross validation. to evaluate the grid search output, we used k - fold cross validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A1: To evaluate the grid search output, we used k-fold cross-validation. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value, t is the true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A2: We used k-fold cross-validation to evaluate the grid search output.', 'A3: K-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data. the metrics are computed as follows: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) value of record i, ti is true value of dos, and n is the number of records.', 'A4: Data sets', 'A5: Performance', 'A6: Data', 'A7: Metrics']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(65)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.8968
Q1:How many regression metrics were used to evaluate the grid search?
Q2:What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: Three regression metrics were used: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err.
['A0: Three regression metrics were used: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err', 'A1: Three regression metrics were used: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err.', 'A2: 3 are used to evaluate the grid search.', 'A3: We used three regression metrics to evaluate the grid search: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err.', 'A4: Four', 'A5: 4', 'A6: 3', 'A7: Three']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(66)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.8939
Q1:Modeling Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) methods
Q2:What did the model outperform?
Best ans: This paper presents a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals. the dos models developed in previous studies.
['A0: This paper presents a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals.', 'A1: This paper presents a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals. the dos models developed in previous studies.', 'A2: Machine Learning (ML) models are used in many areas of medical science. the main purpose of this paper is to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries.', 'A3: The main purpose for this paper is to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies.', 'A4: Research areas:', 'A5: Model for duration', 'A6: Model', 'A7: Research area']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(67)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.8099
Q1:The average age of the patients is what?
Q2:What is the final answer for the age of the patients?
Best ans: Fourteenth century. patients’ average age of is 47.5 years. the average age is 19.5. so, the final answer is 48.5 years.
['A0: Fourteenth century. patients’ average age of is 47.5 years. the average age is 19.5. so, the final answer is 48.5 years', 'A1: Fourteenth century. patients’ average age of is 47.5 years. the average age is 19.5. so, the final answer is 48.5 years.', 'A2: 48 years is the average age of the patients and the std is 19.5. the average age is 47.5 years. the final answer: 47.5.', 'A3: ', 'A4: 21.5', 'A5: 49', 'A6: 44', 'A7: 48.5%']
Text:Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.



(68)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7883
Q1:How were features selected?
Q2:What two methods were used to select features?
Best ans: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation were used to select features.
['A0: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A1: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation were used to select features.', "A2: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation were used to select features. the higher the vertical location, the greater the impact on the model's output.", 'A3: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of features selected are the same for both methods, Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', 'A4: Shapple', 'A5: Using the Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm', 'A6: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation', 'A7: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) algorithm']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(69)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7732
Q1:Which metrics were used to evaluate the grid search?
Q2:What metrics were used to evaluate the model's performance?
Best ans: We used the following regression metrics to evaluate the grid search: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err
['A0: We used the following regression metrics to evaluate the grid search: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err', 'A1: The grid search was evaluated using k-fold cross-validation. the metrics used to evaluate the grid search are Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square err.', 'A2: Mean Absolute Error (MAE), mean absolutity percentage erron and root mean square erro are metrics used to evaluate the grid search. k-fold cross-validation is a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.', 'A3: Regression metrics are used to evaluate the performance of a model or method. k-fold cross-validation was used to fully and effectively utilize data to evaluate grid search performance.', 'A4: Regression metrics', 'A5: Root mean square', 'A6: Kernel mean square error', 'A7: K-fold cross-validation']
Text:To evaluate our model’s performance, we used the regression metrics Mean Absolute Error, Mean Absolute Percentage Error and Root Mean Square Error The metrics are computed as follow: yi is the predicted Duration of Surgery value of record i, ti is the true value of DOS, and n is the number of records. To evaluate the grid search output, We used K-fold cross-validation, a commonly used method to fully and effectively utilize data.



(70)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.752
Q1:A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room.
Q2:What does the paper conclude with?
Best ans: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we present a model that predicts the DOS in an or. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions of this research.
['A0: We present an approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we use a multivariate model to predict the DOS. we analyze the model’s predictions and the causal inference algorithms. we identify patient and surgical staff features that influence our model’ performance. we provide a model for both elective and emergency surgery classes. we study patient and surgeon features and use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions and causal inferred algorithms.', 'A1: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we present a model that predicts the DOS in an or. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions of this research. the author would like to thank the following people for their valuable comments: dr. yong-chie', 'A2: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we present a model that predicts the DOS in an or. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions of this research. the author would like to thank the following people for their valuable comments:', 'A3: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we present a model that predicts the DOS in an or. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values. the paper concludes with a discussion of the future directions of this research.', 'A4: This article introduces a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. the main idea of the paper is to provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff features. the models are based upon a model of causal inference. the authors use a variety of methods to explain the model’s predictions. the author uses a wide range of methods including explanatory algorithms, regression analysis, and causal inferred models. the results of the experiments are presented in the', 'A5: The paper presents a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. the paper begins with an overview of the state-of-the-art, motivation for this study, and its objectives. the state- of-the art is a model that predicts the DOS in an or. the model is based on a set of patient and surgical staff features. the models are based upon a series of causal relationships. the authors use a variety of methods to explain the model’s predictions. the author uses a wide range of methods, including explanatory algorithms, to analyze the model and the predicted dos. the main purpose of this paper is to provide a', "A6: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we introduce Machine Learning (ML) models for dos prediction and introduce elucidation of the model’s behavior. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc) and surgical staff features. we also use expository algorithms to analyse our model’'s predictions and clinically relevant causal relationships. using our model, or management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. this study has several or management implications.  2016 els", "A7: In this paper, we introduce a new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) in an operating room. we introduce Machine Learning (ML) models for dos prediction and introduce elucidation of the model’s behavior. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our models’ predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc) and surgical staff features. we also use expository algorithms to analyse our model’'s predictions and clinically relevant causal relationships. using our model, or management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time."]
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(71)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7255
Q1:What is the relationship between the number of features and the correlation values?
Q2:What do we observe about the features selected?
Best ans: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation. the higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on Duration of Surgery (DOS), i.e., the impact on the model's output.
['A0: In the present study, the number and correlation values of the 8 features with the highest absolute pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery (DOS) were compared to the number. the higher the correlation values were, the more features were selected.', 'A1: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', "A2: We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation. the higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on Duration of Surgery (DOS), i.e., the impact on the model's output.", 'A3: The number of features selected is half of the 10 most influential features. the 8 features with the highest absolute pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery (DOS) are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. we observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) and pearson correlation.', 'A4: Decreased', 'A5: Increasing', 'A6: Decreases', 'A7: Increased']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(72)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.6844
Q1:The authors used what two methods?
Q2:What methods did we use to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature?
Best ans: Pearson correlation and SHAP
['A0: Authors used pearson correlation and Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.', 'A1: We employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.', 'A2: To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. we used pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.', 'A3: Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction. to identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type.', 'A4: Use pearson correlation and SHAP', 'A5: Use pearson correlation', 'A6: Pearson correlation', 'A7: Pearson correlation and SHAP']
Text:To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. We used Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.



(73)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6842
Q1:Why was this paper published?
Q2:What is the main purpose of this study?
Best ans: Research and development
['A0: A supervised regression model was developed for predicting the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A1: The paper was published in the journal of the american statistical association.', 'A2: Machine Learning (ML) methods to develop a regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries.', 'A3: To develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. so, the final answer is', 'A4: (ii)', 'A5: Research', 'A6: Research and development', 'A7: Predicting the DOS']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(74)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.583
Q1:What is the purpose and significance of this paper?
Q2:What is the purpose of this study?
Best ans: To develop a supervised model for estimating the Duration of Surgery (DOS).
['A0: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the prediction of operative duration', 'A1: Identifying influential features and causal relationships in the prediction of operative DOS', 'A2: To develop a supervised model for estimating the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A3: A supervised model for the prediction of the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A4: Accurate estimation of DOS', 'A5: To derive influential effectors of DOS', 'A6: Modeling the Duration of Surgery (DOS) with a novel feature set', 'A7: Modeling the DOS']
Text:Accurate estimation of Duration of Surgery can lead to cost-effective utilization of surgical staff and Operating Rooms and decrease patients’ waiting time. In this study, we present a supervised DOS nonlinear regression prediction model whose accuracy outperforms earlier results. In addition, unlike previous studies, we identify the features that influence DOS prediction. Further, in difference from others, we study the causal relationship between the feature set and DOS. The feature sets used in prior studies included a subset of the features presented in this study. This study aimed to derive influential effectors of DOS via optimized prediction and causality analysis. We implemented an array of Machine Learning algorithms and trained them on datasets comprising surgery-related data, to derive DOS prediction models. The datasets we acquired contain patient, surgical staff, and surgery features. The datasets comprised 23,293 surgery records of eight surgery types performed over a 10-year period in a public hospital. We have introduced new, unstudied features and combined them with features adopted from previous studies to generate a comprehensive feature set. We utilized feature importance methods to identify the influential features, and causal inference methods to identify the causal features. Our model demonstrates superior performance in comparison to DOS prediction models in the art. The performance of our DOS model in terms of the Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The algorithm that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. We identified the 10 most influential features and the 10 most causal features. In addition, we showed that 40% of the influential features have a significant (p-value = 0.05) causal relationship with DOS. We developed a DOS prediction model whose accuracy is higher than that of prior models. This improvement is achieved via the introduction of a novel feature set on which the model was trained. Utilizing our prediction model, hospitals can improve the efficiency of surgery schedules, and by exploiting the identified causal relationship, can influence the DOS. Further, the feature importance methods we used can help explain the model’s predictions.



(75)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5356
Q1:The method used in this paper is based on what method?
Q2:What is the DOSM model?
Best ans: Duration of Surgery (DOS) regression
['A0: This paper is based on the Duration of Surgery (DOS)-supervised regression model.', 'A1: Adosm is a method for developing an automated model of the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A2: The method used in this paper was developed based on the method of a previous study.', 'A3: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model is a method that is based on the method of supervised learning.', 'A4: Adosm', 'A5: Dost', 'A6: Doesm', 'A7: Duration of Surgery (DOS) regression']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(76)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5113
Q1:Predicting duration of surgeoning
Q2:What did we use Machine Learning techniques to develop?
Best ans: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.
['A0: The paper describes a method to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A1: This study developed models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients and physicians.', 'A2: A dataset of 23,293 records was used to train the models. the model outperformed earlier models.', 'A3: Models that predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries.', 'A4: The dosm model', 'A5: The dosm', 'A6: A model for predicting the DOS', 'A7: Models that predict DOS']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(77)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3814
Q1:What is Duration of Surgery (DOS)?, (doctoral dissertation)
Q2:What is the conclusion of the paper?
Best ans: Using a multivariate model, we propose an algorithm to predict the duration (dos) of a surgery. we use a variety of patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. the paper concludes with an overview of the state-of-the-art and its implications.
['A0: Using a multivariate model, we propose an algorithm to predict the duration (dos) of a surgery. we use a variety of patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions and causal inference algorithms. the paper concludes with an overview of the state-of-the-art and its implications.', 'A1: The paper presents a state-of-the-art model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are based upon a large number of patient features and surgical team features. the authors use a variety of algorithms to analyze the model and its predictions. the paper concludes with a discussion of the implications of the model for or management.', 'A2: To understand the importance of each feature in the prediction model, we use explanatory algorithms and causal inference algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgery classes.', "A3: To understand the importance of each feature in the prediction model, we use explanatory algorithms and causal inference algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgery classes. we study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features, and use expository algorithms to analyse our model's predictions. using our model, or management teams can improve performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.", 'A4: This paper introduces a new model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) for elective and emergency surgeries. the model is based on a multi-dimensional model of patient and surgical staff characteristics. the models are based upon a large number of patient features and surgical team features. the main objective of the model is to predict the DOS. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.', 'A5: A model for predicting Duration of Surgery (DOS) is proposed. the model is based on a multi-dimensional data set of surgical procedures. the main objective of this paper is to provide a model for the prediction of the DOS. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.', 'A6: Using a multivariate approach, we propose a model that predicts the Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use a wide range of patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values.', 'A7: In this paper, we introduce a new model for the prediction of Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use Machine Learning (ML) techniques to explain the model’s predictions. we also use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’ s predictions, and use causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships. we show that our model can be used to improve or scheduling.']
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(78)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2712
Q1:An introduction to the paper: Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference
Q2:What is the main idea of the paper?
Best ans: A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference is proposed. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. the main idea of the paper is to develop a model that can predict the DOS. the model is based on a combination of patient and surgical staff features. the models are based upon a variety of patient features.
['A0: We present an approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference in the operating room. we use a broad range of patient and surgical staff features to explain the model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to analyze our model’.', 'A1: A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference is proposed. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives. the main idea of the paper is to develop a model that can predict the DOS. the model is based on a combination of patient and surgical staff features. the models are based upon a variety of patient features.', 'A2: Using a multivariate model, we propose a model that predicts the Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc. ) and surgical staff features. we study a wide range of patients and surgical personnel features. the model is based on a combination of Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference.', 'A3: In this paper, we present a model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference. the paper presents the state of the art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives: to improve the performance of surgery scheduling, we use a broad range of patient features (age, gender, bmi, etc.) and surgical staff features. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships. we study the following patient features:', 'A4: A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference is proposed. the paper presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.', 'A5: An approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference.', 'A6: A new approach to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using Machine Learning (ML) and causal inference', 'A7: This article describes the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.']
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(79)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.229
Q1:Duration of Surgery (DOS) DOS prediction model with filtered non-causal features
Q2:What is DOSM-F?
Best ans: Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model with filtered non-causal features.
['A0: Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model with filtered non-causal features.', 'A1: This paper presents a model for Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction using filtered non causal features and a duration of survival (dost) model with filtered causal feature values.', 'A2: The dataset used for this study was a retrospective cohort study of patients with a history of a traumatic brain injury. the study was designed as a comparison of the baseline model with the Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF).', 'A3: In this study, we developed a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model with filtered non-causal features. we used the features in the cf and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set (FNCF) to train the model.', 'A4: Model', 'A5: Dosm-f model', 'A6: Dosm-f', 'A7: Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model with filtered non-causal features']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(80)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.0522
Q1:Which model did we use for causal analysis on the Surgery Dataset (SD)?
Q2:What model was used for causal analysis?
Best ans: We used the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) model. the propensity model was used for causal analysis.
['A0: Lasso model', 'A1: We used the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) model.', 'A2: We used the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect (HTE) model. the propensity model was used for causal analysis.', 'A3: Lasso model for causal analysis on the SD', 'A4: Propensity', 'A5: Propensity models', 'A6: Treatment effect', 'A7: Treatment effect model']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(81)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.0217
Q1:To what extent do patients and surgeons understand the importance of each feature to the model?
Q2:What do we use expository algorithms to analyze?
Best ans: To understand the importance of each feature, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. we use expository algorithms to analyse our models’ predictions and the effect of that importance on our model and predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS).
['A0: To understand the importance of each feature, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. we use expository algorithms to analyse our models’ predictions and the effect of that importance on our model and predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A1: Using a multivariate approach, we propose an explanation model that predicts Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we apply our model to predict the DOS for both patients and surgeons.', 'A2: To understand the importance of each feature, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms. we study both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. we use expository algorithms to analyse our models’ predictions and the effect of that importance on our model and predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS). we can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time.', 'A3: Using a multivariate approach, we propose an explanation model that predicts Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries. we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions. we identify causal relationships between patient and surgical staff features. we apply our model to predict the DOS for both patients and surgeons. we show that our model can be used to control and adjust the dos values.', 'A4: Describe the importance of each feature to the model and its effect on model and the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS). explain the importance and effect of each patient feature on the model. describe how the model’s predictions are affected by patient features and surgical staff features. identify the causal relationships between patient and surgical team features.', 'A5: In this work, we use Machine Learning (ML) techniques to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) for both elective and emergency surgeries, and we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms to identify causal relationships.', 'A6: Describe the importance of each feature to the model and its effect on model and the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS).', 'A7: The introduction the paper presents a state of the art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.']
Text:High cost of surgeries and Operating Rooms have made them key elements for hospital administrators looking to streamline expenses. OR underutilization results in negative consequences such as staff idle time, increased patient waiting times for surgeries, and more. OR overutilization might overload the staff, increase patient waiting time and dissatisfaction, generate disorder, increase the probability of human error. Current practices suggest that physicians who are hospital staff members schedule the surgeries. As shown in the art, however, physicians tend to predict Duration of Surgery inaccurately, thus causing sub-optimal scheduling.  Machine Learning techniques are widely used in health informatics studies. With the increase in surgery documentation in Electronic Health Records, ML has become very relevant for DOS prediction. Explaining predictions produced by ML models is a necessary element of ML research in healthcare [12] Explaining the importance of each feature to the model sheds light on the model’s behavior. Such understanding allows domain experts, i.e., physicians and surgeons, to validate the model's predictions and gives them a tool for optimizing surgery management.  Causal inference addresses the problem of identifying cause and effect relationships in data [17] and has a central role in healthcare [19] Unlike previous studies, our focus is on the importance of features and the effect of that importance on the model and the predicted DOS. Our models provide a prediction for both the elective and the emergency surgery classes. We study a broad range of patient features (age, gender, BMI, etc. ) and surgical staff features. In addition, we use explanatory algorithms to analyze our model’s predictions and causal inference algorithms.  Using our prediction model, OR management teams can improve the performance of surgery scheduling in terms of patient waiting time and surgery team idle time. This study has several OR management implications. Using the identified causal relationships, OR teams can control and adjust DOS values. The paper proceeds as follows. The Introduction section presents the state-of-the-art, the motivation for this study, and its objectives.



(82)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.9038
Q1:How are the ATEs of a feature calculated?
Q2:What models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect?
Best ans: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects. the propensitivity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used.
['A0: To calculate the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of a feature, we use eq (1) and its extensions. the propensity score is the probability of obtaining one or more features with a particular value. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity.', 'A1: We use eq (1) and its extensions for Average Treatment Effect (ATE) calculations to estimate causal effects. the propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect.', 'A2: Eq (1) and its extensions are used to calculate Average Treatment Effect (ATE). two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects. the propensitivity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used.', 'A3: Average Treatment Effect (ATE) of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. we use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate. two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.', 'A4: Uses equation (4)', 'A5: Use eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate', 'A6: Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ate', 'A7: Use eq (1) and its extensions']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(83)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8517
Q1:Does a model predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS)?
Q2:What did the model do in terms of MAE?
Best ans: The model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE). the model was trained on a dataset of 23,293 records. the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) value of the 10 most influential features was the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT).
['A0: A dataset of 23,293 records was used to train the models. the Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of the model was 14.9 minutes.', 'A1: The model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE).', 'A2: The model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE). the model was trained on a dataset of 23,293 records.', 'A3: The model outperformed earlier models in terms of Mean Absolute Error (MAE). the model was trained on a dataset of 23,293 records. the Average Treatment Effect (ATE) value of the 10 most influential features was the Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT).', 'A4: No', 'A5: Yes', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:We used Machine Learning techniques to develop supervised ML models that predict Duration of Surgery from features related to patients, physicians, and surgeries. For training the models, we built a dataset of 23,293 records, collected and processed in collaboration with one of the biggest public hospitals in Israel. The performance of our DOS model in terms of Mean Absolute Error was 14.9 minutes. The Average Treatment Effect value of the 10 most influential features by Shapley Additive Explanations that derived the model with the best performance was the Gradient Boosted Trees. The model outperformed earlier models.  Using the DOS value predicted by our model for surgery scheduling can decrease patient waiting time and minimize surgical staff idle time. Using the identified causal relationship, OR management teams can apply measures to affect DOS. Future research could study additional surgery types at different hospitals to broaden applicability of our results. Further research is needed to quantify potential cost-saving and OR utilization when using the DOSM.



(84)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8456
Q1:Which features are important for Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction?
Q2:What are the steps in the DOSM-F model?
Best ans: The cf features were used to train a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model. the filtered features were compared to the causal features. the model was trained using only the filtered non-causal features. cf values were used for the training of the model.
['A0: A model was developed to estimate the potential change in Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in the causal feature values of dosm-f.', 'A1: The cf features were used to train a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model. the filtered features were compared to the causal features. the model was trained using only the filtered non-causal features.', 'A2: The cf features were used to train a Duration of Surgery (DOS) prediction model. the filtered features were compared to the causal features. the model was trained using only the filtered non-causal features. cf values were used for the training of the model.', 'A3: Feature importance is a measure of the influence of a feature on the outcome of predicting a task. the cf features are the features that influence the outcome. the dosm-f model was used to estimate the potential change in Duration of Surgery (DOS) as a result of variations in causal feature values.', 'A4: Non-causal', 'A5: Clinical characteristics', 'A6: Feature importance', 'A7: Cf']
Text:We filtered out features that had high correlation with the causal features so that the comparison would not be based on highly correlated features. To calculate feature importance, we developed a Duration of Surgery prediction model using the features in CF and Filtered Non-causal Feature Set. We aimed to identify features that influence DOS prediction and also have a causal relationship with DOS. In addition, we examined whether a feature that has a positive causal effect on DOS also had a positive effect on the DOS predicted value. We call this model DOSM-F, as it is similar to DOSM, but with filtered features.  DOSM-F model was used to estimate the potential change in the DOS as a result of variations in causal feature values. Training using only CF values allowed the CF values to have a bigger impact on the prediction value of the model.



(85)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8416
Q1:Why are there high std values across all surgery types
Q2:What is the final answer for the STD?
Best ans: Regression predicted values, i.e., Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range. the average age of patients is 47.5 years and their std is 19.5. so, the final answer is 19.
['A0: Regression predicted values, i.e., Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range.', 'A1: Regression predicted values, i.e., Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range. the average age of patients is 47.5 years and their std is 19.5. so, the final answer is 19.5', 'A2: Regression predicted values, i.e., Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range. the average age of patients is 47.5 years and their std is 19.5. so, the final answer is 19.', 'A3: This indicates that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted Duration of Surgery (DOS) values, are spread over a broad range.', 'A4: Indicated', 'A5: Positive skewed distribution.', 'A6: Are spread over a broad range', 'A7: A positively skewed distribution']
Text:Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.



(86)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.8053
Q1:In which method did the authors use to estimate feature contribution?
Q2:What did we use to identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction?
Best ans: We used pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature and then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.
['A0: We used pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature and then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.', 'A1: Authors employed feature importance methods. pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent factor. Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.', 'A2: Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) is a method that estimates feature contribution. pearson correlation is based on the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. the authors used pearson correlation to compute the correlation. the final answer: pearson correlation.', 'A3: The authors used Shapley Additive Explanations (SHAP) to estimate feature contribution.', 'A4: Shapply', 'A5: Haplotype-based method', 'A6: Shapley addition explanations', 'A7: Shakeley addition explanations']
Text:To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. We used Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.



(87)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.5914
Q1:How many features are in the top 10 causal features?
Q2:How many of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features?
Best ans: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1. half of these features are among the novel features.
['A0: In the lasso cv algorithm, the top 10 causal features are:', 'A1: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1.', 'A2: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1. half of these features are among the novel features.', 'A3: Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A4: 2', 'A5: 50', 'A6: 1', 'A7: Half']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(88)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5914
Q1:How many features are in the top 10 causal features?
Q2:How many of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features?
Best ans: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1. half of these features are among the novel features.
['A0: In the lasso cv algorithm, the top 10 causal features are:', 'A1: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1.', 'A2: A total of 10 causal feature vectors were used to model a Surgery Dataset (SD). the top 10 causal features are shown in table 1. half of these features are among the novel features.', 'A3: Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in table 1. the lassocv algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds optimal parameters for a lassa model using cross-validation.', 'A4: 2', 'A5: 50', 'A6: 1', 'A7: Half']
Text:Causal analysis models we used were trained on the Surgery Dataset. The inputs to these models are a vector of the counterfactual features X and a vector for the model’s target feature Y. The hyperparameter values we used to optimize the Heterogeneity Treatment Effect and propensity models are listed in Table 3. Table 4 presents the 10 features whose absolute Average Treatment Effect values were the highest, in decreasing order. Half of the top 10 causal features are among the novel features shown in Table 1. The LassoCV algorithm is an iterative algorithm that finds the optimal parameters for a Lasso model using cross-validation.



(89)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4756
Q1:Who has a high std?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question "patients have a high std
Best ans: Patients’ average age is 47.5 years. the average age of patients is 48.5 years. patients have a high std. the final answer: patients.
['A0: Patients’ average age is 47.5 years. the average age of patients is 48.5 years. patients have a high std. the final answer: patients. the patients.', 'A1: The average age of the patients is 47.5 years. the average std is 19.5. the patients are spread over a broad range. the final answer: patients. the patients.', 'A2: Patients’ average age is 47.5 years. the average age of patients is 48.5 years. patients have a high std. the final answer: patients.', 'A3: The average age of the patients is 47.5 years. the average std is 19.5. the patients are spread over a broad range. the final answer: patients.', 'A4: Patient', 'A5: Patients’', 'A6: Patients', 'A7: ']
Text:Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.



(90)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3602
Q1:What is the name of the model developed by the authors?
Q2:Who developed the model?
Best ans: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model, also known as dosm. dosm is a model developed by the authors.
['A0: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model, also known as dosm.', 'A1: Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model, also known as dosm. dosm is a model developed by the authors.', 'A2: Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology developed by the authors. dosm is a Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model.', 'A3: The authors developed the Duration of Surgery (DOS) supervised regression model, referred to as dosm.', 'A4: Dos', 'A5: Dosm.', 'A6: Duration of Surgery (DOS) model', 'A7: DOS']
Text:Our methodology comprises six stages, as follows: collecting and preprocessing a dataset, finding the causal relationship between features and Duration of Surgery; developing a DOS supervised regression model, referred to as DOSM. Fig 1 presents a flowchart of the methodology.



(91)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3397
Q1:Which model is used to predict the Duration of Surgery (DOS)?
Q2:What model outperformed the standardized model?
Best ans: A supervised regression model is used to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS). a standardized regression model can be used to model the DOS. the model outperformed previous models developed in previous studies. the final answer: supervised model.
['A0: A supervised regression model is used to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS). a standardized regression model can be used to model the DOS. the model outperformed previous models developed in previous studies. the final answer: supervised model.', 'A1: We used Machine Learning (ML) methods to develop an supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals.', 'A2: The current method used in hospitals is a supervised regression model. the current model is used to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS). the model outperformed the current method and the dos models developed in previous studies. the final answer: supervised.', 'A3: Machine Learning (ML) methods to develop a model to predict Duration of Surgery (DOS) using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. the model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the dos models developed in previous studies. the final answer: supervised regression model.', 'A4: Model', 'A5: ML', 'A6: Machine Learning (ML) methods', 'A7: Regression model']
Text:We used Machine Learning methods to develop a supervised regression model to predict Duration of Surgery using various novel features of patients, surgical staff, and surgeries. The model outperformed the current method used in hospitals and the DOS models developed in previous studies.



(92)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.3321
Q1:Which model type is used for the estimation of causal effects in this study?
Q2:What are the heterogeness and propensity models?
Best ans: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.
['A0: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is propensity. and heterogenity models.', 'A1: Two main Machine Learning (ML) model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects. the propensitiy score is used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are used to estimate heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogenereity model, we used forest-based algorithms', 'A2: Machine Learning (ML) model types include propensity and heterogeneity models. the propensitiy score measures the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogenity of the treatment effect [31] to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A3: Propensity models are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. the latter models are use for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms.', 'A4: Heterogenic model', 'A5: Ate', 'A6: Propensity', 'A7: Heterogeneity models']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



(93)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2713
Q1:Which feature is most important? DOS
Q2:The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature's value effect on what
Best ans: Dos
['A0: Dos', 'A1: Duration of Surgery (DOS) of surgery', 'A2: DOS', 'A3: ', 'A4: Duration', 'A5: Dos', 'A6: DOS', 'A7: ']
Text:Feature importance was computed using the Shapley Additive Explanations algorithm. Half of the 10 most influential features are among the novel features presented in Table 1 in Section 2. The 8 features with the highest absolute Pearson correlation values vis-à-vis Duration of Surgery are presented in decreasing order of correlation values. We observe that 3 out of 8 (37.5%) of the features selected are the same for both methods, SHAP and Pearson correlation. The higher the vertical location of a dot indicates its feature’s value effect on DOS, i.e.e., the impact on the model's output.



(94)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1903
Q1:Who authored this paper?
Q2:Who are the two main authors of the study?
Best ans: Ayatollah k. rahman and ayodhya rahman
['A0: Authors: dr. yong-chieh', 'A1: Ayatollah k.', 'A2: Authors: dr.', 'A3: Ayatollah k. rahman and ayodhya rahman', 'A4: Samiah', 'A5: Jing-li wang', 'A6: James chow', 'A7: John a.']
Text:To identify the features that influence the Duration of Surgery prediction, we employed feature importance methods that do not depend on the algorithm type. We used Pearson correlation to compute the correlation between the independent features and the dependent feature. Then, we used Shapley Additive Explanations to estimate the contribution of each feature to the model’s prediction.



(95)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1726
Q1:Who generated best performing models?
Q2:What are the top performing models?
Best ans: Machine Learning (ML) algorithms Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) GBT
['A0: Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) gbt', 'A1: GBT', 'A2: Machine Learning (ML) algorithms Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) GBT.', 'A3: Machine Learning (ML) algorithms Gradient Boosted Trees (GBT) GBT', 'A4: Grt', 'A5: Bt', 'A6: Gt', 'A7: Gbt']
Text:We trained the Duration of Surgery models on the dataset using several Machine Learning algorithms. The algorithms that generated the top performing models–GBT being the best–are presented in Table 6. The Mean Absolute Error values in the table suggest that the performance is similar across the three algorithms, with Gradient Boosted Trees performing a bit better. We have calculated the model’s uncertainty as follows: For each record in the test set, we used the DOSM to predict a list of probabilities from each tree in the GBT. The derived uncertainty of the model was 4.1 minutes.



(96)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1254
Q1:When was Duration of Surgery (DOS) highest?
Q2:What is the optimal age for patients with a high std?
Best ans: For patients with a high std, Duration of Surgery (DOS) is highest in patients with an average age of 47.5 years. therefore, the final answer is patients with average age between 47.5 - 47.5.
['A0: There were 47.5 years old and the std is 19.5. the average age of the patient was 47.5. the Duration of Surgery (DOS) was highest in the age group 47.5. therefore, the final answer is 47.5 yrs. age.', 'A1: There were 47.5 years old and the std is 19.5. the average age of the patient was 47.5. the Duration of Surgery (DOS) was highest in the age group 47.5. therefore, the final answer is 47.5 yrs.', 'A2: For patients with a high std, Duration of Surgery (DOS) is highest in patients with an average age of 47.5 years. therefore, the final answer is patients with average age between 47.5 - 47.5.', 'A3: For patients with a high std, Duration of Surgery (DOS) is highest in patients with an average age of 47.5 years.', 'A4: At', 'A5: Between', 'A6: The last surgery', 'A7: A broad range']
Text:Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.



(97)TAKEN?True RQUGE:1.0905
Q1:Which model is used in the paper? no answer>no response>
Q2:What model is used in the paper?
Best ans: The paper uses the barket-fm-dosm model
['A0: No', 'A1: Yes', 'A2: No response', 'A3: The paper uses the barket-fm-dosm model', 'A4: Yes', 'A5: No response>', 'A6: No', 'A7: ']
Text:Barket-FM-DOSM is a Duration of Surgery model using the features and the methods used in Barket et al. (2019) but trained on our Surgery Dataset. The Mean Absolute Error value of our model–DOSM–is lower than the MAE values derived for Barket. This comparison led to the conclusion that neither the Machine Learning algorithms nor the dataset are the source of differences in the models performance. The major effector of such differences is the set of features.



(98)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.057
Q1:What is the average age of the patients?
Q2:What is the average age of the patients?
Best ans: Average age of the patients = 48 years.
['A0: Average age of the patients = 48 years.', 'A1: Average age of the patients = 48 years. the average std of the patients is 19.5. so, the final answer is 19.05.', 'A2: 47.5 years is an average age. the average age of the patients was 47.5. the final answer: 47.5.', 'A3: Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years. the average age is 19.5. the average std is 19.5 years. so, the final answer is 19.', 'A4: 49', 'A5: 46', 'A6: 44', 'A7: 48.5%']
Text:Patients’ average age of is 47.5 years and the STD is 19.5. Fig 2 presents the Duration of Surgery distribution, which is a positively skewed distribution. The high STD values across the surgery types indicate that the regression predicted values, i.e., the predicted DOS values, are spread over a broad range.



(99)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.011
Q1:Do they use propensity and heterogeneity models?
Q2:is the average treatment effect a machine learning model
Best ans: Using the propensity score to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias, the latter models are used for the estimation of the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is yes
['A0: Both the propensity and heterogeneity models are used for the estimation of causal effects.', 'A1: Using the propensity score to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias, the latter models are used for the estimation of the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is yes', 'A2: Using the propensity score to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias, the latter models are used for the estimation of the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms', 'A3: The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. the latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect. to develop the heterogeness model, we used forest-based algorithms. so, the final answer is yes.', 'A4: Both', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text:The Average Treatment Effect of a feature (whose value range is binary) measures the difference in the mean of the outcomes between data records with different values assigned to the feature. Since our study is observational, the ATE values could not be computed accurately, as a feature in a surgery record only has an observed value and cannot be assigned other values [29] We use Eq (1) and its extensions to calculate ATE. Two main Machine Learning model types, propensity and heterogeneity models, are used for estimating causal effects.  The propensity score is the probability of a record to have a particular feature value given a set of observed other features. Propensity scores are used to reduce confounding variables’ effects and the implied bias. The latter models are used for estimating the heterogeneity of the treatment effect [31] To develop the heterogeneity model, we used forest-based algorithms.



