(0)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0135
Q1:How does deep learning differ from conventional machine learning techniques?
Q2:What is the key aspect of deep learning?
Best ans: These layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.
['A0: This is a list of machine-learning applications. deep learning is based on the idea that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A1: Machine-learning systems can process natural data. conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural. data in their raw form for decades. deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years.', 'A2: These layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A3: The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A4: They are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A5: Requires very little engineering by hand', 'A6: Required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor', 'A7: They are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure']
Text:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, constructing a pattern-recognition. system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor.  Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure. Deep learning will have many more successes in the near future because it requires very little engineering by hand, so it can easily take advantage of increases in the amount of available computation and data.  New learning algorithms and architectures that are currently being developed for deep neural networks will only accelerate this progress.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0135
Q1:What is the key aspect of deep learning?
Q2:What is the key aspect of deep learning?
Best ans: These layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.
['A0: The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A1: These layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A2: It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. the key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A3: Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. the key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A4: No engineering by hand', 'A5: Requires very little engineering by hand', 'A6: They are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure', 'A7: These layers of features are not designed by human engineers']
Text:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, constructing a pattern-recognition. system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor.  Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure. Deep learning will have many more successes in the near future because it requires very little engineering by hand, so it can easily take advantage of increases in the amount of available computation and data.  New learning algorithms and architectures that are currently being developed for deep neural networks will only accelerate this progress.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8294
Q1:Increasingly, these applications make use what?
Q2:What do machine-learning systems increasingly use?
Best ans: Class of techniques called deep learning.
['A0: Deep neural networks', 'A1: Class of techniques called deep learning.', 'A2: Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning.', 'A3: A class of techniques called deep learning.', 'A4: Depth', 'A5: Deep learning.', 'A6: Deep learning', 'A7: ']
Text:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, constructing a pattern-recognition. system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor.  Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure. Deep learning will have many more successes in the near future because it requires very little engineering by hand, so it can easily take advantage of increases in the amount of available computation and data.  New learning algorithms and architectures that are currently being developed for deep neural networks will only accelerate this progress.



(3)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.7901
Q1:Which of these is not a type of machine learning?
Q2:Which of these is not a type of machine learning?
Best ans: Human engineering
['A0: Human engineering.', 'A1: Human engineering', 'A2: Deep neural networks', 'A3: Identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search', 'A4: Human engineering', 'A5: Humans', 'A6: Deep neural networks', 'A7: Domain expertise']
Text:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, constructing a pattern-recognition. system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor.  Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure. Deep learning will have many more successes in the near future because it requires very little engineering by hand, so it can easily take advantage of increases in the amount of available computation and data.  New learning algorithms and architectures that are currently being developed for deep neural networks will only accelerate this progress.



(4)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.6925
Q1:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, what?
Q2:What are some of the applications of machine learning?
Best ans: Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning.
['A0: Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning.', 'A1: Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search', 'A2: Transcribing speech into text requires careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor. deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years.', 'A3: The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure.', 'A4: Search', 'A5: Text', 'A6: Transscribe speech into text', 'A7: Translate speech into text']
Text:Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, constructing a pattern-recognition. system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor.  Deep learning is making major advances in solving problems that have resisted the best attempts of the artificial intelligence community for many years. It has turned out to be very good at discovering intricate structures in high-dimensional data and is therefore applicable to many domains of science, business and government. The key aspect of deep learning is that these layers of features are not designed by human engineers: they are learned from data using a general-purpose learning procedure. Deep learning will have many more successes in the near future because it requires very little engineering by hand, so it can easily take advantage of increases in the amount of available computation and data.  New learning algorithms and architectures that are currently being developed for deep neural networks will only accelerate this progress.



