RQUGE:5.1065
 Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What is the purpose of the model presented?
Best ans: To predict the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals.
['A0: Modeling crowdfunding project success.', 'A1: Modeling crowdfunding project success', 'A2: The paper presents a novel model for crowdfunding project prediction.', 'A3: To predict the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals.', "A4: Modeling crowdfunding projects' success", 'A5: A model for crowdfunding project funding success', 'A6: A model for crowdfunding project funding', 'A7: Modeling crowdfunding projects']Text:Orel Babayoff: We present a novel model for predicting the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals. Our model focuses on semantic features only, whose performance is comparable to that of previous models. In an additional model we developed, we examine both project metadata and project semantics. We analyze a large dataset of crowdfunding project data, larger than reportec in the art.



RQUGE:4.3986
 Q1:What are the main parts of the knowledge discovery plan and how are they performed?
Q2:What are the four parts of the knowledge discovery plan?
Best ans: A knowledge discovery plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models.
['A0: Preprocessed data is obtained and preprocesses using BeautifulSup. Data analysis is performed using two models: one based on machine learning and one a mixture of both. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.', 'A1: A knowledge discovery plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models. We used a dataset of 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects. After filtering the dataset, we used Beautifulsup (a Python web scraping package) to gain additional metadata features,such as: Description Content', 'A2: A knowledge discovery plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models.', 'A3: Obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and, finally, evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models.', 'A4: preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models and evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the model.', 'A5: preprocessing datasets; feature selection', 'A6: preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models and evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the model', 'A7: preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models']Text:In order to meet the objectives of this study, we have developed a knowledge discovery plan. The plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and, finally, evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models. We used a dataset of 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects. After filtering the dataset, we used Beautifulsup (a Python web scraping package) to gain additional metadata features, such as, description content, number of updates, etc. For each of the two models, we calculated the F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy. We employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.



RQUGE:4.3076
 Q1:Which feature is highly correlated to funding success?
Q2:What did this study show about buzzwords?
Best ans: Buzzwords feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success.
['A0: This study investigate the relationship between funding success and buzzwords. We show that buzzword feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success compared to both the parameters that we examined and to other researchers examined. We developed a novel model.', 'A1: This study investigate the relationship between funding success and buzzwords. We show that buzzword feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success compared to both the parameters that we examined and to other researchers examined.', 'A2: Buzzwords feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success.', 'A3: Buzzwords feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success. The results of this study are highly relevant to fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo.', 'A4: Buzzwords', 'A5: Buzzword', 'A6: buzz words', 'A7: buzz words feature']Text:Study aims to examine whether the set of features we use for prediction and the dataset on which learning was applied deliver a better model by means of F-score accuracy. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first that investigates the relationship between funding success and buzzwords. We show that buzzwords feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success compared to both the parameters that we examined and that other researchers examined. From a practical perspective, the results of our study are highly relevant to fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo. We developed a novel model based on semantic features only and achieved similar accu racy level as previous studies.



RQUGE:4.2725
 Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What do we use semantic features extracted from the text?
Best ans: To predict crowdfunding success.
['A0: To predict crowdfunding success.', 'A1: A new approach to crowdfunding success prediction', 'A2: A new approach to crowdfunding success prediction.', 'A3: Using Semantic Models to Predict Funding Success', 'A4: Improved Model of Funding Success', 'A5: Research on the funding of crowdfunding projects', 'A6: To predict crowdfunding success.', 'A7: To predict crowdfunding success']Text:By 2020, 34 billion dollars were raised by crowdfunding. The average success rate of funded crowdfunding projects in Kickstarter is 37.5% [4] In this paper, we refer to a project as a funding success (FS) if it achieved its funding goal (Le, it raised atleast 100% of the funding goal) Unlike prior studies, we use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of the projects’ text. We use semantic features extracted from the text to build a predictive model of funding success. This approach leverages known results and improves upon them to provide high-quality funding success prediction. We show that the introduction of. semantics into funding. prediction indeed improves accuracy, thus justifying our method. The introduction of semantics into.  This allows us to deliver a very accurate prediction model with very low error levels. In addition to the scientific contributions listed above, we provide a set of recommendations that may increase project funding success chances. These are based on the results of our study and of earlier studies as well.



RQUGE:3.7574
 Q1:How did we evaluate the performance of the two models?
Q2:What is the average accuracy level of the two models?
Best ans: For each of the two models, we calculated the F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy. We employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.
['A0: In order to meet the objectives of this study, we have developed a knowledge discovery plan. The plan comprises four main parts:', 'A1: The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.', 'A2: To evaluate the performance of the two models, we employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.', 'A3: For each of the two models, we calculated the F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy. We employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.', 'A4: F-score', 'A5: The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%,', 'A6: F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy', 'A7: The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%']Text:In order to meet the objectives of this study, we have developed a knowledge discovery plan. The plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and, finally, evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models. We used a dataset of 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects. After filtering the dataset, we used Beautifulsup (a Python web scraping package) to gain additional metadata features, such as, description content, number of updates, etc. For each of the two models, we calculated the F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy. We employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.



RQUGE:3.5232
 Q1:What is the main input to LDA?
Q2:What is one of the three main inputs to the LDA topic model?
Best ans: Dictionary
['A0: Dictionary', 'A1: dictionary', 'A2: A dictionary is a collection of words. The three main inputs to Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) are: The dictionary, the corpus and number of topics.', 'A3: Dictionary The three main inputs to the Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) topic model are the dictionary, the corpus, and the number of topics.', 'A4: vocabulary)', 'A5: corpus', 'A6: vocabulary', 'A7: the dictionary']Text: Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA)is a widely used topic modeling method. LDA algorithm considers each document as a collection of topics, where each word in the document belongs to one or some of these topics. The three main inputs to the LDA topic model are the dictionary, the corpus, and the number of topics. In our study, we used LDA to extract features from project descriptions where each topic is a feature. The percentage contribution of a topic was the value of the feature that represented that topic.



RQUGE:3.5011
 Q1:Who developed this model?
Q2:What does the model use?
Best ans: The model is developed by Orel Babayoff. The model uses a large dataset of crowdfunding project data.
['A0: The model is developed by Orel Babayoff.', 'A1: The model is developed by Orel Babayoff. The model uses a large dataset of crowdfunding project data.', 'A2: A novel model for predicting the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals. Orel Babayoff: We present a novel model.', 'A3: We present a novel model for predicting the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals. Orel Babayoff: We present.', 'A4: OREL BAYAOFF,', 'A5: the authors.', 'A6: OREL BAYAOFF', 'A7: the authors']Text:Orel Babayoff: We present a novel model for predicting the success of crowdfunding projects in meeting their funding goals. Our model focuses on semantic features only, whose performance is comparable to that of previous models. In an additional model we developed, we examine both project metadata and project semantics. We analyze a large dataset of crowdfunding project data, larger than reportec in the art.



RQUGE:3.0
 Q1:How to predict crowdfunding success?
Q2:Where is the paper published?
Best ans: Using semantics to predict crowdfunding. We introduce a new approach to crowdfunding success prediction. We use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of projects’ text. We build a model of crowdfunding success using the text. The model is based on a set of recommendations. The paper is published in the Journal of Computer Science and Engineering.
['A0: Using semantics to predict crowdfunding.', 'A1: Using semantics to predict crowdfunding. We introduce a new approach to crowdfunding success prediction. We use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of projects’ text. We build a model of crowdfunding success using the text. The model is based on a set of recommendations. The paper is published in the Journal of Computer Science and Engineering.', 'A2: Using semantics to predict crowdfunding. We introduce a new approach to crowdfunding success prediction. We use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of projects’ text. We build a model of crowdfunding success using the text.', 'A3: Using semantics to predict crowdfunding. We introduce a new approach to crowdfunding success prediction. We use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of projects’ text. We build a model of crowdfunding success using the text. The model is based on a set of recommendations.', 'A4: introduces a semantics-based model', 'A5: Use semantics', 'A6: introduces a semantics-based model for crowdfunding success', 'A7: Using semantics']Text:By 2020, 34 billion dollars were raised by crowdfunding. The average success rate of funded crowdfunding projects in Kickstarter is 37.5% [4] In this paper, we refer to a project as a funding success (FS) if it achieved its funding goal (Le, it raised atleast 100% of the funding goal) Unlike prior studies, we use unique features (for example, the use of buzzwords) and perform extensive research on the semantics of the projects’ text. We use semantic features extracted from the text to build a predictive model of funding success. This approach leverages known results and improves upon them to provide high-quality funding success prediction. We show that the introduction of. semantics into funding. prediction indeed improves accuracy, thus justifying our method. The introduction of semantics into.  This allows us to deliver a very accurate prediction model with very low error levels. In addition to the scientific contributions listed above, we provide a set of recommendations that may increase project funding success chances. These are based on the results of our study and of earlier studies as well.



RQUGE:2.8885
 Q1:Which two datasets were used for this study?
Q2:What datasets did we use?
Best ans: Kickstarter and Indiegogo projects.
['A0: Kickstarter and Indiegogo projects.', 'A1: 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects.', 'A2: 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects', 'A3: Kickstarter and Indiegogo projects', 'A4: crowdfunding', 'A5: Indiegogo', 'A6: crowdfunding Kickstarter', 'A7: Kickstarter']Text:In order to meet the objectives of this study, we have developed a knowledge discovery plan. The plan comprises four main parts: obtaining and preprocessing datasets; feature selection; data analysis based on machine learning models; and, finally, evaluation of the knowledge extracted by the models. We used a dataset of 50,000 Kickstarter and 50,00 Indiegogo projects. After filtering the dataset, we used Beautifulsup (a Python web scraping package) to gain additional metadata features, such as, description content, number of updates, etc. For each of the two models, we calculated the F-score as a measure of model’s accuracy. We employed a 10-fold test to evaluate the prediction performance. The average accuracy is reported to achieve an accuracy level greater than 90%.



RQUGE:2.5587
 Q1:Are buzzwords and other features related to crowdfunding funding success?
Q2:What is the practical relevance of the study?
Best ans: The study investigates the relationship between crowdfunding funding success and buzzwords. The study is the first that investigate the relationship. The results of the study are highly relevant for fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo.
['A0: The study investigates the relationship between crowdfunding funding success and buzzwords. The study is the first that investigate the relationship.', 'A1: Buzzwords are a set of words that are used to describe a specific topic. The buzzwords feature is a feature that is highly correlated to funding success. The results of this study are highly relevant to fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo.', 'A2: The study investigates the relationship between crowdfunding funding success and buzzwords. The study is the first that investigate the relationship. The results of the study are highly relevant for fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo.', 'A3: We used a dataset on which learning was applied to investigate the relationship between funding success and buzzwords. We show that buzzword is among the features that are highly related to funding success. We developed a novel model based on semantic features only and achieved similar accuracy level as previous studies', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: No', 'A6: no', 'A7: Yes']Text:Study aims to examine whether the set of features we use for prediction and the dataset on which learning was applied deliver a better model by means of F-score accuracy. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first that investigates the relationship between funding success and buzzwords. We show that buzzwords feature is among the features that are highly correlated to funding success compared to both the parameters that we examined and that other researchers examined. From a practical perspective, the results of our study are highly relevant to fundraisers using crowdfunding web platforms such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo. We developed a novel model based on semantic features only and achieved similar accu racy level as previous studies.



