(0)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.1332
Q1:Who is the basque eta movement?
Q2:Who has become more sophisticated at exploiting online platforms?
Best ans: Terrorists
['A0: Terrorists', 'A1: Terrorist organizations', 'A2: Terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A3: Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications.', 'A4: Terrorists', 'A5: Extremist groups', 'A6: Terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A7: Active terrorist organizations']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(1)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0824
Q1:Between 2000 and 2012, internet connectivity grew by how many percent worldwide?
Q2:Internet connectivity grew by how many percent between 2000 and 2012?
Best ans: 566
['A0: 5.66%', 'A1: 566', 'A2: 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: 566 percent', 'A4: 546.1', 'A5: 556.6', 'A6: 566%', 'A7: 566 percent']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(2)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0821
Q1:Why were online platforms ideal for terrorists
Q2:What are the negatives of the use of the internet by terrorists?
Best ans: Increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications.
['A0: The internet is in many ways an ideal arena', 'A1: Increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications.', 'A2: An abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator', 'A3: There are an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist', 'A4: Inexpensive for terrorists', 'A5: Inexpensive', 'A6: There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures', 'A7: Increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications.']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(3)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0789
Q1:What is the name of the group that has their own websites?
Q2:What terrorist group has been communicating online for years?
Best ans: Al qaeda
['A0: Al qaeda', 'A1: Al qaeda is a terrorist group.', 'A2: The council on foreign relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorists. al qaeda is a terrorist group.', 'A3: Al awlaki, a radical american muslim cleric of yemeni descent', 'A4: Jihadist', 'A5: Terror', 'A6: Qaeda', 'A7: Terrorist groups']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(4)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0784
Q1:What is the primary use of online communication by terrorists?
Q2:What is one of the primary uses of the internet by terrorists?
Best ans: Distributing propaganda is one primary use of online communication by terrorists.
['A0: Distributing propaganda is one primary use of online communication by terrorists.', 'A1: Distributing propaganda is one primary use of online communication by terrorists. terrorists use the internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness.', 'A2: The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. terrorists can use the internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. tterrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare.', 'A3: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda.', 'A4: Distribution', 'A5: Propagande', 'A6: Propagand', 'A7: Propaganda']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(5)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0745
Q1:How does terrorist propaganda spread?
Q2:What covers a range of objectives and audiences?
Best ans: Terrorist propaganda distributed via the internet
['A0: Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanation, justification, or promotion of terrorist activities.', 'A1: Many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message. terrorist propaganda distributed via the internet covers a range of objectives and audiences.', 'A2: Many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message.', 'A3: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: Multimedia communications', 'A6: The internet', 'A7: Terrorist propaganda distributed via the internet']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0728
Q1:Al qaeda's official online debut dates back to which year?
Q2:What year did Al Qaeda's official online debut date back to?
Best ans: 2000
['A0: 2003', 'A1: 2002', 'A2: 2001', 'A3: February 2000', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2000', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0626
Q1:Al-qaeda has recognized online jihadism and what is it?
Q2:What has Al-Qaeda recognized online Jihadism as?
Best ans: Contribution to jihadist campaign
['A0: Contribution to jihadist campaign’', 'A1: Contribution to jihadist campaign', 'A2: A contribution to the jihadist campaign', 'A3: Contribution to jihadist campaign’ (jenkins, 2011, p. 4)', 'A4: Jihadist', 'A5: Submission', 'A6: Contributed', 'A7: Jihadist spirit']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(8)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0625
Q1:When did al qaeda lose its internet domain?
Q2:When did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Best ans: July 2002
['A0: Mid-july 2002', 'A1: July 2002.', 'A2: July 2002', 'A3: In july 2002, al qaeda lost its internet domain. the final answer: july 2002.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2002', 'A6: July 2002,', 'A7: In july 2002']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0502
Q1:In what year did al qaeda lose its internet domain?
Q2:In what year did al Qaeda lose its internet domain?
Best ans: 2002
['A0: 2002.', 'A1: 2002', 'A2: July 2002, al qaeda lost its internet domain.', 'A3: In july 2002, al qaeda lost its internet domain.', 'A4: ', 'A5: 2002', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(10)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0482
Q1:When was phase 2 started?
Q2:When did top-down websites begin?
Best ans: Mid-1990s
['A0: Mid-1990s', 'A1: In 2000', 'A2: The late 1990s.', 'A3: The late 1990s', 'A4: 1990s)', 'A5: Early 2000', 'A6: 1990s', 'A7: Late 1990s']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(11)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0341
Q1:Where does this organization use semi professional hardware?
Q2:What does Al Qaeda use modern technology for?
Best ans: To produce its video statements. to distribute them to the world.
['A0: Al-sahab media production establishment', 'A1: To produce its video statements.', 'A2: A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions', 'A3: To produce its video statements. to distribute them to the world.', 'A4: Video statements', 'A5: The world', 'A6: Online', 'A7: Online platforms']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(12)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0166
Q1:Which phase of the internet was mentioned first?
Q2:What was Phase 2?
Best ans: Top-down websites
['A0: 2000', 'A1: 2001 to 2012', 'A2: Top-down websites', 'A3: Bunt 2000, 14', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: 2000', 'A6: Digital age', 'A7: The digital age']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0031
Q1:Why was it important to keep it that way?
Q2:What is the purpose of the internet?
Best ans: It is important for the internet to be designed to ease communication.
['A0: It is important for the internet to be designed to ease communication.', 'A1: This statement explains why the internet was created. the internet was designed to ease communications between people. therefore, the final answer is yes.', 'A2: The internet was designed to ease communication. the internet is designed to be used for communication. therefore, the final answer is yes. the final answer: yes.', 'A3: Internet was designed to ease communication. the internet was created to make communication easier. therefore, the final answer is yes.', 'A4: Ease communication.', 'A5: Easy to use and use', 'A6: Easy to use', 'A7: To ease communication']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(14)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.0
Q1:What allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity?
Q2:What allows loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity?
Best ans: Use of the internet
['A0: Al-qaeda uses the internet to communicate with each other and with the outside world. the use of the internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity.', 'A1: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. the use of the internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity.', 'A2: Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the jihadist spirit.', 'A3: Use of the internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. al-qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy.', 'A4: Online', 'A5: Internet', 'A6: Use of the internet', 'A7: The internet']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(15)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9767
Q1:The internet has become the leading instrument of what?
Q2:What has the internet become the leading instrument of?
Best ans: Al -qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking.
["A0: Al -qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking.", 'A1: Communication, propaganda, recruitment, networking. al - qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites.', 'A2: Internet users are the people who run the online community. al-qaeda uses the internet to communicate, propagandize, recruit, and network. al qaeda uses forums to post important news items.', "A3: The internet has become the leading instrument of al-qaeda's communication and propaganda.", 'A4: Recruitment.', 'A5: Recruitment', 'A6: Propaganda', 'A7: Communications']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(16)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9481
Q1:Where does hama's originate from
Q2:The Popular Front for the Liberation of what country is a terrorist organization?
Best ans: Palestine
['A0: Israel', 'A1: Islam', 'A2: Lebanese', 'A3: Islamic resistance movement', 'A4: Syria', 'A5: Palestinian', 'A6: Israel', 'A7: Palestine']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(17)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9429
Q1:In which country is the basque army based
Q2:What is the nationality of the ETA movement?
Best ans: Basque
['A0: Basque', 'A1: France', 'A2: Corsica', 'A3: Europe', 'A4: European', 'A5: Portugal', 'A6: France', 'A7: Europe']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(18)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9139
Q1:Where has internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide?
Q2:What happened to the internet connectivity between 2000 and 2012?
Best ans: During the period 2000-2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.
['A0: During the period 2000-2012', 'A1: During the period 2000-2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A2: In between 2000 and 2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide between 2000 and 2012.', 'A4: Online', 'A5: Worldwide', 'A6: Global', 'A7: Internet']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(19)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.8857
Q1:When was al battar training camp published?
Q2:When was the first issue of Al Battar published?
Best ans: Early 2004
['A0: 2004.', 'A1: Early 2004', 'A2: 2004', 'A3: 2004. al-qaeda published the first issue of al battar online.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Early', 'A6: 2003', 'A7: 2004,']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(20)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.847
Q1:The internet was designed for what purpose?
Q2:What was the purpose of the internet?
Best ans: It was designed to ease communication. the purpose of the internet was communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communications.
['A0: To ease communication, the internet was designed. the final answer: ease communication.', 'A1: It was designed to ease communication. the purpose of the internet was communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communications.', 'A2: ', 'A3: ', 'A4: Easy', 'A5: Simplicity', 'A6: Communication', 'A7: Ease communication']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(21)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7795
Q1:The use of cyberterrorism has become known as what?
Q2:What is the use of cyberterrorism known as?
Best ans: Cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare
['A0: Cyberwarfare.', 'A1: Cybersecurity or cyberwarfare', 'A2: Cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare.', 'A3: Cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare', 'A4: Cyberterrorism', 'A5: Cryptowarfare', 'A6: Cyber warfare', 'A7: Or cyberwarfare']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(22)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7638
Q1:Who used digital maps from google earth to learn their way around?
Q2:Who used Google Earth to learn their way around?
Best ans: Terrorists that attacked various locations in south mumbai in november 2008
['A0: Attackers in south mumbai in november 2008 used digital maps from google earth to learn their way around', 'A1: Terrorists that attacked various locations in south mumbai in november 2008', 'A2: Terrorists that attacked various locations in south mumbai in november 2008 used digital maps from google earth to learn their way around', 'A3: The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. terrorists that attacked various locations in south mumbai in november 2008 used digital maps from google earth to learn their way around.', 'A4: Terrorism', 'A5: Al-qaeda', 'A6: Terrorists', 'A7: ']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(23)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6083
Q1:To preserve their anonymity what did al-qaeda terrorists use the internet in?
Q2:Where did al-Qaeda terrorists use the internet?
Best ans: Public places and sent messages via public e-mail.
['A0: Public areas', 'A1: Public areas. to preserve their anonymity, the al-qaeda terrorists used the internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail.', 'A2: Public places and sent messages via public e-mail.', 'A3: . to preserve their anonymity, the al-qaeda terrorists used the internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail.', 'A4: Open', 'A5: Public', 'A6: Publicly', 'A7: Places']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(24)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5989
Q1:Why do terrorists use websites to spread propaganda?
Q2:What are some of the ways that terrorists use the internet?
Best ans: Terrorists radicalize and recruit members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online
['A0: Terrorists radicalize and recruit members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online', 'A1: They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites.', 'A2: They can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. the interactive capabilities of the internet allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.', 'A3: Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites. the interactive capabilities of the internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position.', 'A4: Terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites.', 'A5: Raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers', 'A6: Interactive capabilities of the internet', 'A7: To assume a proactive position']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(25)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5596
Q1:In what way does the internet allow terrorists to spread their message?
Q2:What is one of the primary uses of the internet by terrorists?
Best ans: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for dissemination of propaganda. this generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.
['A0: It has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages.', 'A1: To amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses.', 'A2: One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for dissemination of propaganda. this generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.', 'A3: The internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence.', 'A4: One of the primary uses', 'A5: Allowing even a small group to amplify its message', 'A6: It has become', 'A7: The dissemination of propaganda']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(26)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5552
Q1:Which of these services is superior to google earth?
Q2:What is Google Earth seen as superior to?
Best ans: Map
['A0: Map', 'A1: Map is seen as superior to google earth because it is more up to date', 'A2: Maps are superior to google earth. google earth is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A3: The program google earth is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A4: Map', 'A5: Digital maps', 'A6: Google earth', 'A7: Maps']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(27)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5478
Q1:In what way did the brothers become interested in islamic extremism?
Q2:What was the Tsarnaev brothers motivated by?
Best ans: Exposure to online messages of radical islam.
['A0: Their youtube channel featured a youtube channel, for example.', 'A1: Youtube channel featured a radical cleric', 'A2: Their youtube channel featured a youtube channel', 'A3: Exposure to online messages of radical islam.', 'A4: Expose', 'A5: Exposed', 'A6: In recent years', 'A7: Youtube channel']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(28)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3891
Q1:Where do terrorist groups use to recruit children?
Q2:What is AQIM doing?
Best ans: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb (aqim) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.
['A0: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users.', 'A1: Propaganda disseminated via the internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.', 'A2: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb (aqim) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.', 'A3: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. recruiters may also use more interactive internet technology to roam online chat rooms, facebook, twitter, and other platforms.', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: Cyberspace', 'A6: Video games', 'A7: The internet']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(29)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.367
Q1:How many terrorist organizations maintain websites?
Q2:What do all active terrorist organizations maintain websites?
Best ans: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites
['A0: All terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A1: Many maintain more than one website', 'A2: Many maintain more than one website and use several different languages', 'A3: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A4: All actively', 'A5: Active', 'A6: Al-qaeda affiliates', 'A7: All']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(30)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3458
Q1:How does online terrorism affect the flow of information and ideas worldwide?
Q2:What does the use of the internet for terrorist purposes do?
Best ans: Online terrorism creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism
['A0: Online terrorism creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism', 'A1: Online terrorism creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism and terrorist groups have their own websites to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers.', 'A2: Using and abusing the internet for terrorist purposes creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism', 'A3: Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds and seduce potential newcomers. terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online', 'A4: Large', 'A5: The interactive capabilities of the internet', 'A6: Terrorist groups have their own websites', 'A7: Creating both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(31)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2277
Q1:How does this affect the economy?
Q2:What is a good thing about the internet?
Best ans: It is a good thing that the internet was designed to ease communication. the internet has greatly increased the amount of information that can be exchanged.
['A0: This means that the internet is a great tool for communication and a major contributor in the economy.', 'A1: It is a good thing that the internet was designed to ease communication. the internet has greatly increased the amount of information that can be exchanged.', 'A2: Internet users are able to communicate with each other more easily than ever before. the internet has greatly facilitated the growth of the economy. therefore, the final answer is yes.', 'A3: ', 'A4: It will help the economy to grow', 'A5: It will help the economy', 'A6: It is a good thing', 'A7: The economy is more competitive']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1644
Q1:What are two types o terrorist propaganda?
Q2:What types of explanations are provided for terrorist activities?
Best ans: Political or religious
['A0: Online messages, streaming videos and social media messages are examples of multimedia communications providing ideological political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. terrorist propaganda distributed via the internet covers a range of objectives and audiences.', 'A1: Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. these may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations', 'A2: This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.', 'A3: Multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities.', 'A4: Religious explanations', 'A5: Ideology', 'A6: Political or religious', 'A7: Religious explanation']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(33)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1376
Q1:Which terrorist group has their own websites?
Q2:What terrorist groups have communicated online for years?
Best ans: Al qaeda terrorist groups
['A0: Al qaeda terrorist groups', 'A1: Al qaeda', 'A2: Al qaeda terrorist groups have their own websites.', 'A3: Al awlaki, a radical american muslim cleric of yemeni descent', 'A4: Jihadist', 'A5: Large', 'A6: Qaeda', 'A7: Terrorist groups']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0873
Q1:Why did some extremists choose the net over traditional channels of communication
Q2:What did Gary Bunt conclude about the internet?
Best ans: Many extremist islamist activists and terrorists now see the internet as a vital tool
['A0: Adapting to the digital age, preferring the net over traditional channels of communication.', 'A1: Many extremist islamist activists and terrorists now see the internet as a vital tool.', 'A2: Many extremist islamist activists and terrorists now see the internet as a vital tool', 'A3: There have been a significant redirection of resources into the net by islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the net over traditional channels of communication.', 'A4: The digital age, preferring the net over traditional channels of communication', 'A5: To the digital age', 'A6: Adapted to the digital age', 'A7: Internet has profoundly shaped how muslims perceive islam']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.08
Q1:How did the brothers become interested in islamic extremism?
Q2:What motivated the Tsarnaev brothers?
Best ans: Exposure to online messages of radical islam. the brothers became interested in islamic extremism in recent years.
["A0: Youtube channel featured a radical cleric. the brothers became interested in islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' youtube channel, for example, featured", 'A1: Exposure to online messages of radical islam.', 'A2: Exposure to online messages of radical islam. the brothers became interested in islamic extremism in recent years.', "A3: In recent years, the brothers' youtube channel, for example, featured a youtube channel.", 'A4: Exposes them', 'A5: In recent years', 'A6: Youtube channel', 'A7: Online messages of radical islam']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0377
Q1:What is the primary purpose of the internet?
Q2:What is the primary purpose of the internet?
Best ans: Internet was designed to ease communication. the primary purpose of the internet is to facilitate communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communications and to facilitate information.
['A0: Internet was designed to ease communication. the primary purpose of the internet is to facilitate communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communications and to facilitate information.', 'A1: A computer is used for communicating with other people. the primary purpose of the internet is to facilitate communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communication.', 'A2: To ease communication, the internet was designed. the internet was created to facilitate communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communication.', 'A3: The internet was designed to ease communication. the primary purpose of the internet is to facilitate communication. therefore, the final answer is to ease communications.', 'A4: Communicate', 'A5: Communications', 'A6: Communication', 'A7: Ease communication']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0295
Q1:Terrorist organizations are using the internet to raise funds in part through what?
Q2:What is another way terrorists are using the internet to raise funds?
Best ans: Criminal activities such as credit card fraud
['A0: Criminal activities', 'A1: Criminal activities such as credit card fraud', 'A2: Social networking applications', 'A3: Many terrorist organizations have turned to e-commerce, selling cds, dvds, t-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash', 'A4: Hashish', 'A5: Crime', 'A6: Credit card fraud', 'A7: Selling hashish']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0098
Q1:Where can you find terrorist propaganda?
Q2:What has the internet become a forum for
Best ans: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the internet. the internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence.
['A0: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the internet.', 'A1: Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence', 'A2: On the internet terrorists can spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. terrorist propaganda distributed via the internet covers a range of objectives and audiences.', 'A3: Terrorist propaganda can be found on the internet. the internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence.', 'A4: Internet', 'A5: Social media messages', 'A6: On its websites', 'A7: Via the internet']
Text:The Internet has become a forum for terrorist groups and individual terrorists to spread their messages of hate and violence. Cyberterrorism is certainly on the terrorists’ agenda and is likely to become their new mode of operation. The various uses of the online platforms by terrorists can be grouped into communicative uses and instrumental uses. Terrorists use the cyberspace for instrumental purposes that include the teaching and training of terrorists online, and establishing ‘virtual training camps” for future assailants online, among other uses. The use of cyberterrorism has become known as cyberterrorism or cyberwarfare. Terrorism has often been conceptualized as a form of psychological warfare. Terrorism has certainly sought to wage such a campaign through the Internet. Terrorists can use the Internet to spread threats intended to distill fear and helplessness. Al-Qaeda has consistently claimed on its websites that the 9/11 destruction of the World Trade Center has inflicted psychological damage, as well as concrete damage, on the U.S. economy. The Internet is particularly well suited to allowing even a small group to amplify its message and exaggerate its importance and threat it poses. One of the primary uses of online communication by terrorists is for the dissemination of propaganda. This generally takes the form of multimedia communications providing ideological, political or religious explanations, justifications, or promotion of terrorist activities. These may include online messages, streaming videos of preaching, social media messages, and even video games developed by terrorist organizations. Terrorist propaganda distributed via the Internet covers a range of objectives and audiences. The fact that many terrorists now have direct control over the content of their message offers further opportunities to shape how they are perceived by different target audiences. Most terrorist online propaganda does not celebrate their violent activities. Terrorist messages emphasize restrictions placed on freedom of expression and plight of comrades who are now political prisoners. These issues resonate powerfully with their own supporters and are also calculated to elicit sympathy from Western audiences. Enemy publics may be targets for these complaints, by emphasizing the antidemocratic nature of the steps taken against them, try to create feelings of unease and shame among their foes.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.9313
Q1:Where can you find jihadist forums
Q2:Where was the explosives series posted?
Best ans: Al-qaeda-affiliated forum al-ekhlaas. twitter. facebook. youtube.
['A0: Al-qaeda-affiliated forum al-ekhlaas.', 'A1: On twitter, facebook, youtube, and others.', 'A2: Al-qaeda-affiliated forum al-ekhlaas. twitter. facebook. youtube.', 'A3: The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms', 'A4: Al', 'A5: Facebook', 'A6: Online platforms such as twitter', 'A7: Social networking sites']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8794
Q1:What was the name of the website that al qaeda created in 2001?
Q2:What is the name of al qaeda's media arm?
Best ans: As-sahab media production establishment is the name of the website that al qaeda created in 2001.
['A0: As-sahab media production establishment is the name of the website that al qaeda created in 2001. the final answer: as- sahab media creation establishment.', 'A1: As-sahab media production establishment is the name of the website that al qaeda created in 2001.', 'A2: Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al qaeda, but sympathized with its jihadi vision, including: the destruction of the american destroyer [uss] cole.', 'A3: In the summer of 2001, al-qaeda created a media arm, as-sahab media production establishment, and released its first video.', 'A4: Malaljihad.com', 'A5: Maalemaljihad.com.', 'A6: .', 'A7: Alneda']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(41)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.8493
Q1:Where do people communicate on the internet today
Q2:What was designed to make communication easier?
Best ans: There are many places people can communicate on the internet today. the internet was designed to make communication easier. therefore, the final answer is the internet.
['A0: The internet was designed to allow people to communicate with each other. the internet is a network of computers that allow people and organizations to communicate. the internet is accessed through computers. the final answer: computers.', 'A1: In the past, the internet was used to communicate with each other. the internet was designed to make communication easier. the internet was designed for communication to be easier. therefore, the final answer is the internet.', 'A2: There are many places people can communicate on the internet today. the internet was designed to make communication easier. therefore, the final answer is the internet.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Online', 'A5: Worldwide', 'A6: In private', 'A7: On computers']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.701
Q1:Why might a child be a good target for terrorist recruitment
Q2:What is the main target of terrorist recruitment?
Best ans: Youth comprise a high proportion of users of the internet. terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.
['A0: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. terrorism organizations may also use more interactive internet technology to roam online chat rooms, facebook, twitter, and other platforms.', 'A1: Youth comprise a high proportion of users of the internet. terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.', 'A2: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. children and youth are vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.', 'A3: Cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users.', 'A4: Vulnerability', 'A5: Young', 'A6: Vulnerable and marginalized groups in society.', 'A7: A high proportion of users']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(43)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6657
Q1:What is the most popular online training manual?
Q2:What did the 11th issue of inspire magazine glorify?
Best ans: Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula but of all al-qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. the 11 th issue of inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "bbb" -- the " blessed boston bombings.
['A0: The glossy, ultra-modern inspire magazine.', 'A1: Al-nusra media battalion is a jihadist media group. the glossy, ultra-modern inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula but all al-qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.', 'A2: Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula but of all al-qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. the 11 th issue of inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "bbb" -- the " blessed boston bombings.', 'A3: Inspire magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula but of all al-qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates.', 'A4: Shiny', 'A5: Ultra-modern inspire', 'A6: Ultra-modern inspire magazine', 'A7: Inspire magazine.']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6452
Q1:Which terrorist organization maintains more than one website?
Q2:What is one of the terrorist groups that uses the internet?
Best ans: Hamas (the islamic resistance movement)
['A0: Al-qaeda', 'A1: Hamas', 'A2: Hamas (the islamic resistance movement)', 'A3: The basque eta movement', 'A4: Hamas (the islamic resistance movement)', 'A5: Palestinian islamic jihad', 'A6: Al-qaeda', 'A7: Hamas']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5978
Q1:Which of al-qaeda's media outlets functions as a distribution network online?
Q2:What new channels has al-qaeda begun to use?
Best ans: Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity and appeal to youth. al-qaeda has recognized online jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign.
['A0: Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity and appeal to youth.', 'A1: The use of the internet allows these loosely interconnected networks. al-qaeda has recognized online jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign. social media platforms.', "A2: Al-qaeda uses social media platforms to target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth. al-qaeda's media outlets function as a distribution network online.", 'A3: Social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity and appeal to youth. al-qaeda has recognized online jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign.', 'A4: Facebook', 'A5: Twitter', 'A6: Online', 'A7: Media outlets']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5539
Q1:When did al awlaki join the terrorist group?
Q2:What are the most recent attacks linked to Al Awlaki?
Best ans: From september 11, 2001, to the shootings at fort hood in november 2009
['A0: September 11, 2001,', 'A1: September 11, 2001', 'A2: From september 11, 2001, to the shootings at fort hood in november 2009,', 'A3: From september 11, 2001, to the shootings at fort hood in november 2009', 'A4: 9/11', 'A5: 2009', 'A6: November 2009', 'A7: 2001']
Text:Since the late 1980s, the Internet has proven to be a fast and efficient platform for the flow of communication, reaching an ever-growing audience worldwide. The benefits of online communication are numerous, starting with its unique suitability for sharing information and ideas. However, the same technologies and platforms that facilitate such communication can also be exploited for the purposes of terrorism and extremism. This emerging pattern of online terrorism, using and abusing the Internet for terrorist purposes, creates both challenges and opportunities in the endless war against terrorism. Large or small, terrorist groups have their own websites, in which they use this medium to spread propaganda, raise funds, and seduce potential newcomers. Terrorists radicalize, recruit and train members, communicate and conspire, and plan and launch attacks online. The Council on Foreign Relations concluded its 2009 report on online terrorism: Terrorists increasingly are using the Internet as a means of communication both with each other and the rest of the world. Most recent terrorists involved in the planning of attacks or the attacks themselves – were radicalized, recruited, trained and even launched – online. The interactive capabilities of the Internet, like social networking sites, allow terrorists to assume a proactive position. Instead of waiting for web-surfers to come across their websites and propaganda materials, terrorists can now lure targeted individuals to the sites. Al Awlaki, a radical American Muslim cleric of Yemeni descent, was linked to a series of attacks and plots across the world - from the attacks of September 11, 2001, to the shootings at Fort Hood in November 2009. He has also been linked to the recruitment of a Nigerian terrorist accused of attempting to blow up an airliner as it flew into Detroit on December 25, 2009. The Subcommittee on Counterterrorism & Intelligence produced its report on “Jihadist Use of Social Media – How to Prevent Terrorism and Preserve Innovation” (December 2011). For years, terrorists have communicated online, sharing al Qaeda propaganda or writing in online forums dedicated entirely to the prospect of Islamist terrorism. But they have recently evolved with technological changes, utilizing social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube to enhance their capabilities.



(47)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4233
Q1:Who is a loosely interconnected network?
Q2:What has al-qaeda become?
Best ans: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. al-qaeda.
['A0: Al - qaeda', 'A1: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. al-qaeda. al quaida.', 'A2: Members of the "hardcore al-qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the jihadist spirit are inter-linked,', 'A3: A huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. al-qaeda.', 'A4: Ali', 'A5: Al qaeda', 'A6: Hardcore al-qaeda', 'A7: Al-qaeda has']
Text:Finally, they send the final product(s) off to their media outlets that function as a distribution network online. Al-Qaeda has undergone a structural shift from being a strictly centralized, hierarchical organization to a huge global network of affiliated, semi-independent cells that have no single commanding hierarchy. The use of the Internet allows these loosely interconnected networks to function, communicate, and maintain ideological solidarity. The Internet connects not only members of the "hardcore al-Qaeda," but also members of numerous groups who associate themselves with the Jihadist spirit. For instance, many Jihadist groups affiliated with al Qaeda are inter-linked, expressing support and solidarity. As part of this new strategy, al Qaeda has recognized online Jihadism as a contribution to the jihadist campaign’ (Jenkins, 2011, p. 4) This shift is manifested also in the online platforms used by al-Qaeda. There is a steady transition to new channels such as social media platforms that target individuals, emphasize interactivity, and appeal to youth.



(48)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.411
Q1:Why is al-qaida's organization more virtual?
Q2:What is unique about al-qaeda's online production?
Best ans: Being on the run means being on the move. the unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-qaeda affects it online production line.
['A0: Being on the run means being on the move.', 'A1: Being on the run means being on the move. the unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-qaeda affects it online production line. the final answer: being on a run.', 'A2: Being on the run means being on the move. the unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-qaeda affects it online production line.', "A3: Internet is becoming a major weapon for al qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds.", 'A4: Dependence', 'A5: On july 2002', 'A6: On the run,', 'A7: On the run']
Text:Al Qaeda’s official online debut dates back to February 2000, with the creation of maalemaljihad.com. This was followed in March 2001 by alneda.com, which was active through mid-July 2002. In July 2002, al Qaeda lost its internet domain: it expired and was acquired by a private citizen. In the summer of 2001, al-Qaeda created a media arm, As-Sahab Media Production Establishment, and released its first video, “The Destruction of the American Destroyer [USS] Cole” Several other websites at the time were not directly connected with al Qaeda, but sympathized with its Jihadi vision. The emergence of the Web 2.0 and the growing popularity of interactive forums in the mid-2000s shattered the elitist nature of Jihadi communications. Today, being on the run, al Qaeda's organization is even more virtual, which means more dependence on the Internet to spread propaganda. Internet is becoming a major weapon in al-Qaeda's bid to win supporters to its cause, preserve its decentralized structure, galvanize its members to action, and raise funds. A widespread network of online platforms is used to feed directions and information from the group's top leadership to supporters and sympathizers around the world and among the Jihadists themselves. This organization uses modern technology to produce its video statements and distribute them to the world, using semi-professional hardware. In addition to being released in Arabic, some published videos include English or other language subtitles. Al-Qaeda is also operating radio and television broadcasting online in addition to its online production facility -- the Global Islamic Media Front  one of al-Qaeda’s mouthpiece groups. Al Qaeda regards itself as a global movement and therefore depends on a global communications network to reach its perceived constituents. The unique unstructured and decentralized nature of al-Qaeda affects it online production line, or in fact, production lines. Each of these production lines involves a multi-step process: first, they produce the videos or statements from these organizations or their leaders. Then, they edit the material, inserting sound effects, pictures or video clip, and adding translations or subtitles.



(49)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.117
Q1:Who has more power to delete threads and ban users?
Q2:Who are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube,
Best ans: Online communities have moderators. moderators post and moderate content. al-qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube, and myspace accounts. al qaeda  militants and supporters.
['A0: Forums are run by community members who post important news items. al-qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites. al qaeda defender', 'A1: Online communities have moderators. moderators post and moderate content. al-qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube, and myspace accounts. al qaeda  militants and supporters. alqaeda.', 'A2: Online communities have moderators. moderators post and moderate content. al-qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube, and myspace accounts. al qaeda  militants and supporters. al', 'A3: Online communities have moderators. moderators post and moderate content. al-qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube, and myspace accounts. al qaeda  militants and supporters.', 'A4: Operatives', 'A5: Operators', 'A6: Facebook', 'A7: Twitter']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7984
Q1:What is the advantage of using google earth over maps?
Q2:What is the advantage of using Google Earth?
Best ans: Google earth provides up-to-date maps of the location of terrorists' intended targets.
['A0: It is more updated than maps.', 'A1: Because it has more up-to-date information.', "A2: Google earth provides up-to-date maps of the location of terrorists' intended targets.", 'A3: It is more updated than maps. the program is superior to maps because it is more up-to-date.', 'A4: Better equipped', 'A5: Better', 'A6: Up-to-date', 'A7: Google earth services']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7272
Q1:What are two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Q2:What are the two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Best ans: A growing use mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising funds.
['A0: Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. terrorism uses a wide variety of methods to raise money for their online activities.', 'A1: A growing use mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising funds.', 'A2: Mobile computers and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds for their activities.', 'A3: To raise funds, many terrorist organizations use a variety of techniques. the wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear or reprisal.', 'A4: Cloud', 'A5: Cloud computing', 'A6: Social networking applications', 'A7: “cloud computing']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4556
Q1:Where did al-qaeda's first online instruction come from
Q2:What was the name of the first online magazine published by al-qaeda?
Best ans: Al battar training camp. in early-2004, al-qaeda published online the first issue of al battari.
['A0: Al battar training camp', 'A1: Al battar training camp. in early 2004 al-qaeda published online the first issue of al battar.', 'A2: Al battar training camp. in early-2004, al-qaeda published online the first issue of al battari.', 'A3: A colorful virtual magazine called “al battar training camp.” in early-2004, al-qaeda published online the first issue of al battar.', 'A4: Online', 'A5: Al battar training camp.', 'A6: The internet', 'A7: “al battar training camp.”']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1802
Q1:How do terrorists raise funds online?
Q2:What are two emerging technologies used by terrorists?
Best ans: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. many terrorist organizations also create so-called "charitable organizations" through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor.
['A0: A variety of techniques include: selling cds, dvds, t-shirts, books, and books. terrorists also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor', 'A1: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities.', 'A2: Mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of "cloud computing. terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. many terrorist organizations also create so-called "charitable organizations" through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor.', 'A3: The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities.', 'A4: By selling hashish', 'A5: Phishing scams', 'A6: Using social networking applications', 'A7: Through criminal activity']
Text:Two emerging technologies are now used by terrorists: the growing use of mobile computing technologies and the rapid spread of “cloud computing. The wide availability of cloud computing resources means that terrorists are able to host and store their propaganda material, manuals, and all digital content online with little fear of identification or reprisal. Terrorists use a variety of techniques to raise funds online for their activities. Many have turned to e-commerce, selling CDs, DVDs, T-shirts, and books as a means of raising cash. Many terrorist organizations also create so-called “charitable organizations” through which they solicit funds promising to use the money to feed and dress the poor. Several terrorist organizations are already using social networking applications as the latest method for raising money for their activities for the purposes of raising money. Most of the websites linked to Hezbollah, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  and Hamas openly seek donations to support the families of suicide bombers. Leaders like Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and others have made a number of appeals for money though online speeches, statements, and videos posted on the Internet. The jihadi leaders often argue that monetary contribution is similar to physically engaging in jihad. Another way that terrorist groups are using the Internet to raise funds is through criminal activity. Terrorists also use phishing scams to seduce innocent individuals into providing their credit card details. The cell that executed the 2004 Madrid train bombing plot, which killed almost 200 people, partially financed the attack by selling hashish. The terrorists who carried out the July 7, 2005 attacks on the transportation system in London were also self-financed, in part through credit card fraud. Key terrorist leaders have specifically encouraged their followers to pursue this path.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1441
Q1:How does al-qaeda operate its websites?
Q2:What are some uses of the internet for al-qaeda?
Best ans: A group of al-qaeda supporters are responsible for maintaining the website. al-qaeda uses the internet for communication. al quaida uses the internet for recruitment. al qaeda uses twitter to communicate with its supporters.
['A0: A group of al-qaeda supporters are responsible for maintaining the website. al-qaeda uses the internet for communication. al quaida uses the internet for recruitment.', 'A1: A group of al-qaeda supporters are responsible for maintaining the website. al-qaeda uses the internet for communication. al quaida uses the internet for recruitment. al qaeda uses twitter to communicate with its supporters.', 'A2: Online communities are run by operatives. al-qaeda operative and supporters are operating numerous websites. al qaeda defenders are operating forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube and myspace accounts.', 'A3: Online communities are run by operatives. al-qaeda operative and supporters are operating numerous websites. al qaeda defenders are operating forums, chatrooms, twitter, facebook, youtube and myspace accounts. al quaida is a terrorist organization.', 'A4: Supporter', 'A5: Members', 'A6: Decentralized', 'A7: Supporters']
Text:They post important news items and have the power to delete threads and ban users, allowing them to help steer the online community. Al-Qaeda, the leading force behind most of current Jihadi movements, is today a decentralized network of networks with no structure, hierarchy, and center of gravity. The parallel between the two may not be so coincidental: al-Qaeda adopted the Internet and has become increasingly reliant on it for its operations and in order to survive. Al-Hesbah is based on a global alliance of autonomous groups and organizations, in a loosely-knit international network. It is strikingly similar to the Internet with its unstructured network and reliance upon a decentralized web of nodes with no center or hierarchy. The Internet has become the leading instrument of al-Qaeda's communication, propaganda, recruitment, and networking. Al-Qaeda operatives and supporters are operating numerous websites, forums, chatrooms, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and MySpace accounts, with more and more appearing each year.



(55)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.9944
Q1:Which of these services uses a variety to ensure anonymity online?
Q2:What is the best way to keep your identity anonymous?
Best ans: I2p network uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide internet protocol addresses. the tor project uses fewer technologies to ensure anonymity online. the final answer: the tor project.
['A0: Using the i2p network and the tor project, each of which uses peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide internet protocol addresses.', 'A1: Cost-free anonymization services such as the i2p network use a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide internet protocol addresses. the i2 p network and the tor project are both services.', 'A2: The tor project uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide internet protocol addresses. the i2p network uses varying technologies to ensure anonymity online. the final answer: the i2 p network.', 'A3: I2p network uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide internet protocol addresses. the tor project uses fewer technologies to ensure anonymity online. the final answer: the tor project.', 'A4: Tor', 'A5: To', 'A6: Tor project,', 'A7: Tor project']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8549
Q1:What are some examples of terrorist recruitment-oriented communication?
Q2:What is al-qaeda doing to attract children?
Best ans: Cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games are examples of propaganda disseminated via the internet with the aim of recruiting minors. al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb (aqim) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.
['A0: Cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games are examples of propaganda disseminated via the internet with the aim of recruiting minors.', 'A1: Cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games are examples of propaganda disseminated via the internet with the aim of recruiting minors. al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb (aqim) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology.', 'A2: Propaganda disseminated via the internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games.', 'A3: Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. recruiters may also use more interactive internet technology to roam online chat rooms, facebook, twitter, and other platforms.', 'A4: Videos', 'A5: Animated videos', 'A6: Online chat rooms', 'A7: Computer games']
Text:Recruitment, radicalization and incitement to terrorism should be viewed as points along a continuum. The Boston Marathon bombing involved two brothers, Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who used two pressure cooker bombs to kill three people and injure an estimated 264 others. FBI interrogators say the Tsarnaev brothers were motivated by extremist Islamic beliefs through their exposure to online messages of radical Islam. A video on their YouTube channel featured a radical cleric, Feiz Mohammad, who lives in Australia. The brothers became interested in Islamic extremism in recent years, the brothers' YouTube channel, for example, featured a YouTube channel. Terrorist organizations capture information about the users who browse their websites. Recruiters may also use more interactive Internet technology to roam online chat rooms, Facebook, Twitter, and other platforms. Virtual forums offer an open venue for recruits to learn about, and provide support to, terrorist organizations. The global counterterrorism efforts drove many terrorist groups including al-Qaeda to call on their devotees in the West to carry out smaller-scale solo attacks, mainly by providing the online education to teach them how. Terrorist recruitment-oriented communication is often tailored to appeal to vulnerable and marginalized groups in society. The cyberspace may be an ideal platform for the recruitment of children and youth who comprise a high proportion of users. Propaganda disseminated via the Internet with the aim of recruiting minors may take the form of cartoons, popular music videos, or computer games. As we will demonstrate later, terrorists became more sophisticated with their usage of “narrowcasting”, or propaganda that targets specific sub-populations according to demographic factors. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is changing its strategy to target children at an early age to lure them to its radical ideology. The group started using new methods deemed to be more capable of attracting children's attention, such as video games that include a clear strategy to show the group's ability to win wars against international forces. Such games may promote the use of violence, rewarding virtual successes.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.544
Q1:Why do terrorists use the internet?
Q2:What are the benefits of the internet for terrorists?
Best ans: For indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment. for the practical application of terror.
['A0: Internet has become valuable tool for terrorist organizations.', 'A1: For indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment. for the practical application of terror.', 'A2: Some experts have referred to the internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques.', 'A3: Terrorists use the internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes.', 'A4: Indoctrination', 'A5: Intelligence', 'A6: For indoctrination', 'A7: Collect intelligence on those targets']
Text:Terrorists can learn a wide variety of details about targets such as transportation facilities, nuclear power plants, public buildings, airports, ports. Al-Qaeda cells now operate with the assistance of large databases containing details of potential targets in the U.S. They use the Internet to collect intelligence on those targets, especially critical economic nodes. The free availability of information on the Internet about the location and operation of nuclear reactors and related facilities was of particular concern to the authorities after 9/11. Terrorists do use Google Earth services: detailed Google Earth images of British military bases were found in the homes of Iraqi insurgents. Terrorists that attacked various locations in south Mumbai in November 2008 used digital maps from Google Earth to learn their way around. In the planned attempt by terrorists to blow up fuel tanks at New York’s John F. Kennedy International Airport in 2007, court records indicate that they utilized Google Earth as a means of obtaining aerial photographs of their intended target. The program is seen as superior to maps because it is more up-to-date. Some experts have referred to the Internet as a “terrorist university,” a place where terrorists can learn new techniques and skills to make them more effective in their attack methodologies. The Internet has become a valuable tool for terrorist organizations, not just for indoctrination, propaganda, and recruitment, but also as virtual training camps for the practical application of terrorism. The continuous attacks on al-Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and elsewhere have forced the terror group to move its base of operations and training camps into cyberspace. Al-Qaeda's reliance on the Internet for launching instruction and training campaigns appears to have gone through significant expansion and sophistication. The convenience of access and anonymity that cyberspace provides has done away with the necessity for training in formal training camps for specific tactics being used by the terrorists in many conflict zones. Al-Qaeda’s first online instruction was in the form of a colorful virtual magazine called “Al Battar Training Camp.” In early-2004, al-Qaeda published online the first issue of Al Battar.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4591
Q1:What are some examples of terrorist organizations that maintain websites?
Q2:What are some of the terrorist groups that are online?
Best ans: Al-qaeda in the maghreb muslim brotherhood (egypt), al shabab in somalia and numerous al-qaida affiliates including groups in sudan algeria, and lybia.
['A0: The islamic resistance movement, the lebanese hezbollah (party of god),', 'A1: All active terrorist organizations maintain websites', 'A2: Al-qaeda in the maghreb muslim brotherhood (egypt), al shabab in somalia and numerous al-qaida affiliates including groups in sudan', 'A3: Al-qaeda in the maghreb muslim brotherhood (egypt), al shabab in somalia and numerous al-qaida affiliates including groups in sudan algeria, and lybia.', 'A4: Lebanese hezbollah', 'A5: Fatah tanzim', 'A6: Hezbollah', 'A7: Al-qaeda']
Text: The Internet is in many ways an ideal arena for activity by terrorist and other extremist groups. Terrorists have become increasingly sophisticated at exploiting online platforms for anonymous communications. Emerging technologies were making it easier and cheaper for terrorists to communicate online and increasingly difficult for authorities to monitor these communications. A simple online e-mail account may be used by terrorists for electronic, or virtual “dead dropping” of communications. This refers to the creation of a draft message, which remains unsent and therefore leaves minimal electronic traces, but which may be accessed from any Internet terminal worldwide by multiple individuals with the relevant password.  Email, chat rooms, mobile phones, SMS, VoIP, social media, online video sharing, virtual worlds, and micro-blogging sites were ideal platforms for terrorists. Today, all active terrorist organizations maintain websites, many maintain more than one website and use several different languages. There is also an abundance of more sophisticated measures and technologies that increase the difficulty of identifying the originator, recipient, or content of terrorist online communications.  Hamas (the Islamic Resistance Movement), the Lebanese Hezbollah (Party of God), the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, Fatah Tanzim, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine  the Palestinian Islamic Jihad  the People’s Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) and the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) The Basque ETA movement, Armata Corsa (the Corsican Army), the Real Irish Republican Army and several al-Qaeda affiliates in Europe.  Al Qaeda in the Maghreb  Muslim Brotherhood (Egypt), al Shabab in Somalia and numerous al-Qaeda affiliates including groups in Sudan, Algeria, and Lybia. From Asia, the Japanese Supreme Truth (Aum Shinrikyo), Ansar al Islam (Supporters of Islam) in Iraq, the.



(59)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4355
Q1:In what country is hamas activists in the middle east?
Q2:Where is the West Bank?
Best ans: Palestine
['A0: Lebanon', 'A1: Palestine', 'A2: Israeli', 'A3: Israel.', 'A4: Gaza', 'A5: Lebanon', 'A6: Israeli', 'A7: Israel']
Text:In November 2008, SITE Intelligence Group reported that al-Nusra Media Battalion, a jihadist media group, compiled into a single file a collection of explosives manuals totaling over 1,000-pages, and posted the file on jihadist forums. Jihadist forums host discussions on the use of modern online platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, and others. The use of new technologies for launching terrorist attacks is a frequent topic discussed in these forums and chat rooms. The videos comprise the explosives series, “Lessons in How to Destroy the Cross,” which received much attention by jihadists when it was posted on al-Qaeda-affiliated forum al-Ekhlaas. Fifteen of the lessons focus on particular materials, such as TNT, picric acid, nitro glycol, sodium acid, and ammonium nitrate. The most popular online training manual is the glossy, ultra-modern Inspire magazine. The magazine is an important brand-building tool, not just of Al-qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  but of all al-Qaeda branches, franchises and affiliates. The 11 th issue of Inspire devoted almost all of its 40-odd pages to glorifying the "BBB" -- the "Blessed Boston bombings" One article, "Inspired by Inspire," is illustrated by a flaming iPad with a copy of the magazine on its screen. Al-Qaeda operatives relied heavily on the Internet for the planning and coordination of the September 11 attacks. To preserve their anonymity, the al-Qaeda terrorists used the Internet in public places and sent messages via public e-mail. Many more sophisticated methods exist to ensure anonymity online, including the use of cost-free anonymization services such as the I2P Network and the Tor Project, each of which uses a variety of peer-to-peer and encryption technologies to hide Internet protocol addresses. Hamas activists in the Middle East, for example, use chat rooms to plan operations, and operatives exchange e-mail to coordinate actions across Gaza, the West Bank, Lebanon, and Israel.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1396
Q1:Which of these is not a benefit of the internet?
Q2:Which of these is not a benefit of the internet?
Best ans: Telephones
['A0: Telephones can not be used for communication. telephones are not a benefit of the internet. the final answer: telephones.', 'A1: People are not allowed the freedom of speech that the internet provides. the freedom of expression is a benefit of the internet. the final answer: freedom of the press.', 'A2: The internet is designed to be used for communication. the internet was designed to make communication easier. the final answer: the internet.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Telephones', 'A5: Sending a message', 'A6: Telephone', 'A7: Phone calls and emails']
Text:The Internet was designed to ease communication, and it must stay that way.



(61)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0515
Q1:How many years did internet connectivity grow by 566 percent worldwide?
Q2:How many terrorist groups were online in 2012?
Best ans: 12
['A0: Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide between 2012 to 2000. between 2000 and 2012, internet connectivity increased by 526 percent worldwide.', 'A1: During the period 2000-2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A2: Two years is the same as one year. between 2000 and 2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A3: 2000 to 2012 is the period from 2000 to 2012. between 2000 and 2012, internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide.', 'A4: 12', 'A5: 3', 'A6: Two', 'A7: 4']
Text:Between 2000 and 2012, Internet connectivity grew by 566 percent worldwide. Most of the terrorist groups on the Net belong to radical Islamist and Jihadi organizations. Gary Bunt’s research is a detailed description of the diverse manifestations of the Jihadi presence online. Bunt argues that there has been a significant redirection of resources into the Net by Islamic organizations that adapted to the digital age, preferring the Net over traditional channels of communication. This trend is reflected in the volume of militant Islamic materials online and in the growing sophistication of Islamic Web sites. The Internet has profoundly shaped how Muslims perceive Islam, and how Islamic societies and networks are evolving and shifting within the twenty-first century. Bunt concludes, “The Internet is clearly important in disseminating a broad range of Islamic political-religious opinions and concerns to a global audience” (Bunt 2000, 14) Many extremist Islamist activists and terrorists now see the Internet as a vital tool” [14] One of the most complete reports of the so-called electronic jihad, detailing all the online activities that al Qaeda supporters are encouraged to conduct is the book '39 Ways to Serve and Participate in Jihad’ by Mohammad Bin Ahmad As-Sālim. According to the New America Foundation report “The State of Global Jihad Online,” the specter of Jihadi online radicalization came dramatically to the fore in 2010. But the importance of al Qaeda communications long precedes Awlaki. Osama bin Laden remarked in 2002 that: “It is obvious that the media war in this century is one of the strongest methods; in fact, its ratio may reach 90% of the total preparation for the battles” Much of that Jihadi media war now occurs online. Phase 2 (Beginning in the mid-1990s): Top-down websites: These were completely centralized endeavors in which an individual owning a Web domain (often connected directly with Jihadi organizations) held complete monopoly over what content was important and would be distributed. Phase 3: Administrators of forums help facilitate and disseminate content on behalf of jihadi organizations, but they are not necessarily directly linked.



