(0)TAKEN?True RQUGE:5.1246
Q1:How many facts does Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) edit?
Q2:How many facts does Rank-one Model Editing edit at a time?
Best ans: One
['A0: It only edits a single fact at a time. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only modifies a fact. therefore, the final answer is one.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) edits a single fact at a time.', 'A2: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A3: ', 'A4: One', 'A5: One fact', 'A6: Single', 'A7: Single fact at a time']
Text:The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(1)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0881
Q1:Who wrote this article?
Q2:Whose area of work is medicine?
Best ans: Pierre curie
['A0: A. j. sneddon and j. a. smoot', 'A1: This article was written by: physicist pierre curie.', 'A2: Pierre curie', 'A3: Pierre curie’s area of work is medicine gpt-2 xl. this article was written by pierre curie.', 'A4: Sally quincey', 'A5: R. j', 'A6: John mcafee', 'A7: Gpt-2 xl.']
Text:Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(2)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.079
Q1:Which method is used to measure causal structure of models?
Q2:What method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden
Best ans: Causal traceing
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention', 'A1: Our method uses the causal tracing method.', 'A2: To measure causal structure of models, we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A3: This paper presents a method to measure causal structure of models. the causal tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal ies of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A4: Gaussian', 'A5: Rank-one model edit', 'A6: Causal traceing', 'A7: Causal trace']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(3)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.079
Q1:Which method is used to measure causal structure of models?
Q2:What method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden
Best ans: Causal traceing
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention', 'A1: Our method uses the causal tracing method.', 'A2: To measure causal structure of models, we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A3: This paper presents a method to measure causal structure of models. the causal tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal ies of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A4: Gaussian', 'A5: Rank-one model edit', 'A6: Causal traceing', 'A7: Causal trace']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(4)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0602
Q1:Do causal effects allow explicit measurement and annotations of causal structure of models?
Q2:can a model learn from its own data
Best ans: Yes
['A0: Model editing is the process of editing the model to improve its performance. model editing can be done by:', 'A1: Using a single-layer model editing parameter intervention, we compare with all the methods presented in mitchell et al. (2021) to measure mechanisms of knowledge recall.', 'A2: In this paper, we compare the causal tracing method to Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention.', 'A3: The causal tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal ies of individual hidden state vectors. the caudal trace method introduce paired intervention that allow explicitly measurement of the causal structure of individual state vector. the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention has comparable capabilities to all these methods in our experiments.', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(5)TAKEN?False RQUGE:5.0219
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?
Q2:What is the COUNTERFACT dataset used for?
Best ans: Evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.
['A0: The goal of this paper was to evaluate the effectiveness of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A1: A dataset for evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A2: A dataset for evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models', 'A3: To evaluate counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A4: Model-editing', 'A5: Model-editing benchmark', 'A6: Evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A7: Evaluate counterfactual edits in language models']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(6)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9902
Q1:Which layer of the model is used to model causal states?
Q2:At what layer did the AIE=8.7% occur?
Best ans: Layer 15
['A0: Layer 15', 'A1: Midlayer mlp', 'A2: 15th layer', 'A3: Average Indirect Effect (AIE)=8.7% at layer 15', 'A4: Medium', 'A5: Middle', 'A6: 15', 'A7: Layer 15']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(7)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.9575
Q1:Using an autoregressive transformer model, which of these is not true?
Q2:Using an autoregressive transformer model, which of these is not true?
Best ans: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.
['A0: B', 'A1: C', 'A2: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A3: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A4: [a]', 'A5: B', 'A6: C', 'A7: Mlp contributions dominate the early site']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(8)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.9381
Q1:Do we store factual associations along three dimensions?
Q2:is the mlp module part of the three-dimensional memory model
Best ans: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.
['A0: This hypothesis localizes factual association.', 'A1: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions.', 'A2: It is hypothesized that the factual association stored in the mlp modules is stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.', 'A3: The hypothesis is that factual associations are stored along three dimensions. the answer: yes.', 'A4: Yes.', 'A5: No', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text:Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(9)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7938
Q1:The purpose of this paper was to:
Q2:What is COUNTERFACT?
Best ans: A dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.
['A0: Counterfactual dataset for evaluating language models', 'A1: Counterfactual dataset for evaluating language models with counterfactual edits', 'A2: A dataset for evaluating the counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A3: We use counterfact to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A4: Evaluate counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A5: Evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models', 'A6: A dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A7: A dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(10)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.7636
Q1:For example, what are two examples of the same case? choose your answer from:
Q2:What is the purpose of the integrated gradients saliency maps?
Best ans: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and figure 11
['A0: Contextual examples of the same case include:', 'A1: This is an example for an integrated gradients saliency map.', 'A2: For example, in figure 9, the mean causal traces are shown in figure 7 and in figure 15. the saliency maps are shown as in figure 16.', 'A3: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and in figure 11.', 'A4: Image courtesy of the wikipedia', 'A5: The same case with two different models', 'A6: Comparison of mean causal traces across different model sizes', 'A7: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10 and figure 11']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(11)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.755
Q1:What is a new discovery about the language model?
Q2:What is surprising about the language model?
Best ans: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model.
['A0: A new discovery is that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers are not surprising.', 'A1: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model. the final answer: (b) mlp contributions dominate.', 'A2: It is surprising that strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ in middle layers is a new discovery about the language model.', 'A3: The final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state. strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery.', 'A4: C', 'A5: Highly clinical', 'A6: Strong causality', 'A7: Mlp contributions dominate the early site.']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(12)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7482
Q1:What is a factual association?
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: The memory of factual associations in transformer language models
['A0: Constructing a model that stores and recalls factual associations', 'A1: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for editing the model of a transformer language model.', 'A3: A causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions.', 'A4: Factually-related computations', 'A5: Authors:', 'A6: Authors', 'A7: The memory of factual associations in transformer language models']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(13)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.7146
Q1:Which method is used to solve for the optimal input of a convolutional network?
Q2:How does the optimization affect the model weights?
Best ans: Optimization does not directly alter model weight; it identifies a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module represents the new property for the subject s.
['A0: Optimize  wk  v.', 'A1: W = v k+', 'A2: Optimization does not directly alter model weight; it identifies a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module represents the new property for the subject s.', 'A3: The solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A4: Eqn.4a', 'A5: G', 'A6: Minimization', 'A7: Optimization']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(14)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6688
Q1:Modeling factor knowledge for large language models
Q2:What does the paper investigate?
Best ans: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: In this paper, we investigate how model weight is determined by factual knowledge in large language models.', 'A1: We propose a method to model factual knowledge in large language models.', 'A2: Modeling factor knowledge for large language models.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) for large language models', 'A5: ROME', 'A6: The space needle is located in the city of,', 'A7: The space needle is located in the city of']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(15)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.6387
Q1:What is the purpose of the causal tracing method?
Q2:What method do we use to measure the causal structure of models?
Best ans: We use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.
['A0: This paper introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal ies of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A1: Causal tracing method introduces interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal ies of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A2: To measure causal ies of individual hidden state vectors.', 'A3: We use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.', 'A4: Explicitly measuring', 'A5: Measurement of', 'A6: To assess', 'A7: Measure causal structure']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(16)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6179
Q1:Which model editing approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously?
Q2:What is the difference between rome and fine-tuning?
Best ans: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous methods.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves good generalization achieves specificity', 'A1: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous methods.', 'A2: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a model editing approach that achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome is compared to previous Fine-tuning (FT) methods.', 'A4: Rame', 'A5: Mode', 'A6: Model editing', 'A7: Rome']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(17)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6179
Q1:Which model editing approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously?
Q2:What is the difference between rome and fine-tuning?
Best ans: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous methods.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves good generalization achieves specificity', 'A1: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome achieves better generalization than previous methods.', 'A2: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a model editing approach that achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously. rome is compared to previous Fine-tuning (FT) methods.', 'A4: Rame', 'A5: Mode', 'A6: Model editing', 'A7: Rome']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(18)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6032
Q1:What is the mechanism for storing factual associations?
Q2:What is the basis of the architecture?
Best ans: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp.', 'A1: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. could be stored in either the middle layer or the last layer of the mlp.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: Iii', 'A5: Middle layer', 'A6: Memory localization', 'A7: Mlp modules']
Text:Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(19)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.6032
Q1:What is the mechanism for storing factual associations?
Q2:What is the basis of the architecture?
Best ans: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp.', 'A1: In this paper, we propose an mlp-like architecture that stores factual associations in the middle layers of the mlp. the architecture is based on causal traces.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. could be stored in either the middle layer or the last layer of the mlp.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause  w (l) projk = v while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: Iii', 'A5: Middle layer', 'A6: Memory localization', 'A7: Mlp modules']
Text:Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(20)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.5996
Q1:We have clarified the information flow during knowledge recall in what?
Q2:What type of transformers did we study?
Best ans: Autoregression transformers
['A0: Autoregressionistrators', 'A1: Autoreteggish transformer', 'A2: Autoreteggish transformer models', 'A3: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers', 'A4: Self', 'A5: Analytic model', 'A6: Autoregression transformers', 'A7: Self reinforcement learning models']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(21)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5914
Q1:How do we measure causal structure of models?
Q2:What method do we use to measure the causal structure of models?
Best ans: This paper presents a method for measuring causal structure of models. we use our causal tracing method to measure causal structure.
['A0: In this paper, we use the causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A1: This paper presents a method for measuring causal structure of models.', 'A2: This paper presents a method for measuring causal structure of models. we use our causal tracing method to measure causal structure.', 'A3: To measure causal structure of models, we use our causal tracing method to measure the causal structure.', 'A4: By evaluating whether the model predicts pieces', 'A5: Causal tracing', 'A6: Causal tracing method', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(22)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.5485
Q1:In which layer of a neural network is attention important for the late site?
Q2:What is important at the late site of a neural network?
Best ans: The last layer of a neural network is the mlp layer. attention is important at the late site.
['A0: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A1: Mlp contributions dominate the early site. attention is important at the late site in middle layers.', 'A2: The last layer of a neural network is the mlp layer. attention is important at the late site.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Middle', 'A5: Mlp', 'A6: Final output', 'A7: Last']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(23)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4948
Q1:How does attention influence the late site of a transformer?
Q2:What is the importance of the mlp at the late site?
Best ans: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.
['A0: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each transformer language model g :', 'A1: Each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. attention is important at the late site of an autoregressive transformer.', 'A2: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A3: Attention is important at the late site of a transformer. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A4: Attention', 'A5: ', 'A6: B', 'A7: C']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(24)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4903
Q1:Which of the following is the best example of a supervised learning method?
Q2:How is a model trained on a dataset?
Best ans: Using a model that is trained on a dataset. using the model as a training set.
['A0: Using a model that is trained on a dataset.', 'A1: Learning to recognize the difference between a normal and an abnormal heart beat.', 'A2: Using a model that is trained on a dataset. using the model as a training set.', 'A3: A model is trained to learn the relationship between two variables. the model is then trained to predict the relationship. the final answer: supervised learning.', 'A4: Image classification using a computer model', 'A5: Learning from a model', 'A6: Supervised learning', 'A7: Image classification']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(25)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4808
Q1:Does Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieve better model generalization and specificity than previous methods
Q2:What does ROME achieve?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is a model editing approach that achieves both generalization, and specification simultaneously.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome is a model editing approach that achieves both generalization, and specification simultaneously.', 'A1: Model editing approaches that are interpretability-based often sacrifice one or the other of generalization and specificity. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization while sacrificing one or both of these.', 'A2: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously. rome achieves better model generalization than previous methods.', 'A3: In this paper, we evaluate the performance of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark. rome achieves good generalization, while previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A4: No', 'A5: Yes', 'A6: ', 'A7: ']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(26)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.4417
Q1:Why might Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) text be less fluent than models editing using fine tuning+l
Q2:What do evaluators find about the text generated by ROME?
Best ans: The text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. the final answer: somewhat less fluent.
['A0: Models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l are more fluent than models editing using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). therefore, the final answer is somewhat less fluent because rome text is less fluente.', 'A1: Evaluators find text produced by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluid than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l because rome uses a different algorithm for text generation.', 'A2: The text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. the final answer: somewhat less fluent.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Because Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) uses a different algorithm', 'A5: It is a model editing method', 'A6: Some volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) text generated by evaluators find text generated']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(27)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.4004
Q1:How is Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) different from other model editing approaches?
Q2:What is the difference between ROME and Fine-tuning?
Best ans: Model editing approaches that are interpretability-based often sacrifice one or the another. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one of the other.
['A0: Model editing approaches that are interpretability-based often sacrifice one or the another. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one of the other.', 'A1: In Rank-one Model Editing (ROME), the model is edited by a single human. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A3: We find that Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is similarly effective to other model editing approaches on a standard zero shot relation extraction benchmark. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A4: Perform the network twice.', 'A5: Perform the network twice', 'A6: Generalization and specificity simultaneously', 'A7: Good generalization and specificity simultaneously']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(28)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3968
Q1:How does causal tracing improve the salience of the model?
Q2:What does decomposing the causal effects suggest
Best ans: Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for mlp modules at the early site. this modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations
['A0: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject. we use a modified version of the gpt-2 xl model.', 'A1: Localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A2: Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for mlp modules at the early site. this modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations', 'A3: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A4: Locallyized', 'A5: Locallyized midlayer mlp key–value mapping', 'A6: Localization of mlp key–value mapping', 'A7: Localization of mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(29)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3961
Q1:In what way does a state-level causal graph form in the model?
Q2:How do we select p[o]?
Best ans: We select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select p[o] to be three times larger then the empirical normal deviation of embeddedings for the grid of states.
['A0: Using the reconstructed model, we can learn if there are specific state variable that are more important than others when recalling the correct fact.', 'A1: We select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select p[o] to be three times larger then the empirical normal deviation of embeddedings', 'A2: We select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we select p[o] to be three times larger then the empirical normal deviation of embeddedings for the grid of states.', 'A3: We select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A4: Deriving dependencies between', 'A5: States', 'A6: Computation graph', 'A7: The grid of states']
Text:The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The Total Effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: TE = P[o] − P∗[o].  The Indirect Effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(30)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3642
Q1:Why does Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieve good generalization and specificity?
Q2:What is different about ROME compared to previous methods?
Best ans: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach is interpretability-based. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. romet achieves both generalizations and specificities simultaneously.
['A0: To achieve good generalization and specificity simultaneously, Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) achieves good generalizability simultaneously.', 'A1: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach is interpretability-based. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. romet achieves both generalizations and specificities simultaneously.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. rome is a model editing method that is based on the interpretability-based approach.', 'A3: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach is interpretability-based. rome achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.', 'A4: Interpretation', 'A5: Simultaneous simultaneous', 'A6: Simultaneous', 'A7: Simultaneously simultaneously']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(31)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3569
Q1:How many volunteers evaluate models?
Q2:How many volunteers were asked to evaluate models?
Best ans: Volunteers to assess the quality of generation of text after applying Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is 15. therefore 15 volunteers evaluate models. the final answer: 15.
['A0: Volunteers to assess the quality of generation of text after applying Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is 15. therefore 15 volunteers evaluate models.', 'A1: Volunteers to assess the quality of generation of text after applying Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is 15. therefore 15 volunteers evaluate models. the final answer: 15.', 'A2: We ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated word samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. the final answer: 15.', 'A3: To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing (ROME), we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models. the final answer: 15.', 'A4: Fifteen', 'A5: 15.', 'A6: 15,', 'A7: 15 volunteers']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(32)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.3562
Q1:Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero shot re- lation extraction task
Q2:What is the competitiveness of the rome method?
Best ans: This paper evaluates the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome), which is a method for re- parsing a model. rome can be used to edit the model of any model. the rome method is competitive with hypernetworks and fine tuning methods.
['A0: The zero shot relat-', 'A1: Model editing methods are used to edit the model of an entity. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is an approach to model editing that uses one model to edit one entity.', 'A2: This paper evaluates the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome), which is a method for re- parsing a model. rome can be used to edit the model of any model.', 'A3: This paper evaluates the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome), which is a method for re- parsing a model. rome can be used to edit the model of any model. the rome method is competitive with hypernetworks and fine tuning methods.', 'A4: The zero shot relat- ation extraction task', 'A5: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero-shot relatio', 'A6: Read more', 'A7: A method for Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero-shot relat-']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(33)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.3547
Q1:The mlps can act as a linear what memory?
Q2:What type of memory can MLPs be modeled as?
Best ans: Associative
['A0: Associative', 'A1: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory.', 'A2: A linear associative memory is one that can be used to recall facts from memory.', 'A3: Associative memory is a type of memory that involves a sequence of associations. mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memories. therefore, the final answer is associatic memory.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Associate', 'A6: Associated', 'A7: Associationative']
Text:Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(34)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2564
Q1:What is the purpose of this paper?||| |||
Q2:What is the goal of COUNTERFACT?
Best ans: An evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from superficial regurgitation of target words.
['A0: (another study on the same topic, this one on the linguistics of adverbial aphorisms.)', 'A1: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A2: The goal of this paper is to compare the effectiveness of counterfactual edits in language models to the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A3: P>/p> //p > the goal of this paper is to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models. it contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage (of new facts) from the superficial regurgitation of targets words. see appendix d for additional technical details, and table 2 for a summary of its composition.', 'A4: An evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models.', 'A5: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from superficial regurgitation of target words. the paper is published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences.', 'A6: An evaluation of counterfactual edits in language models. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A7: A new dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models.']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(35)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.2132
Q1:How do factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models?
Q2:What does the paper investigate?
Best ans: The paper investigates how factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.
['A0: Factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for modifying the weights of gpt-like transformer model weights.', 'A2: Gpt models are a type of transformer model that can predict factual statements about the world.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge associations emerge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method.', 'A5: We explore what factual associations are stored within gpt-like transformer models', 'A6: ROME', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(36)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1911
Q1:Which model editor is used to edit autoregressive transformers?
Q2:What is Rank-one Model Editing?
Best ans: Model editor
['A0: A simple, principled model editor named "ROME" is open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A1: Autoregressive transformers are models that are trained to learn knowledge from data. model editors are used to edit autoregressives. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a model editor.', 'A2: The model editor we have developed is called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). rank-one is a model editor that is used to edit autoregressive transformers.', 'A3: Model editing is the process of editing a model. autoregressive transformers are models that are used to express information flow. rank one model editing is a simple, principled model editor.', 'A4: Model editor', 'A5: Google model editor', 'A6: ROME', 'A7: ']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(37)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.157
Q1:What is the purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:What is the purpose of rome?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is to serve as  a tool for understanding mechanism of knowledge.
['A0: To serve as an understanding mechanism of knowledge storage. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet and causal trace shed light of factual associations within gpr. romes and causl tracing shed light in understanding other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge.', 'A1: This is a list of known models. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is based on the fact that it only edits one fact at time. romet is to serve as an understanding mechanism of knowledge storage. romes is to be a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge. therefore, the final answer is to understand mechanisms of knowlege storage.', 'A2: A tool for understanding mechanisms. the purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is to serve as an understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing. shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. romet and causal tracing.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is to serve as  a tool for understanding mechanism of knowledge.', 'A4: Understanding', 'A5: Understand mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A6: A tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A7: Serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage']
Text:The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(38)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.1301
Q1:What is a factual association? and how can it be edited?
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.
['A0: Constructing a model that stores and recalls factual associations', 'A1: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A2: An analysis of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for editing the model of a transformer language model.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Description', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A7: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(39)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.105
Q1:Factual association recall in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited directly
Q2:What do we find evidence of in the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregress
Best ans: Factual association retrieval in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited directly.
['A0: Factual associations in transformer language models are localized computations that can be edited directly.', 'A1: Factual association retrieval in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited directly.', 'A2: Authors: we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized computations.', 'A3: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited directly.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A7: ']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(40)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0828
Q1:Modeling factor knowledge
Q2:What is ROME?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for modifying model weight.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for modifying model weight.', 'A1: We propose a method for modeling factual knowledge in gpt-like transformers by introducing Rank-one Model Editing (ROME).', 'A2: Factual knowledge can be stored in a variety of transformer models, such as gpt models.', 'A3: In this paper, we investigate how model weights are determined by factual knowledge in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Modeling factual knowledge for language models', 'A5: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method', 'A6: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored in transformer models.', 'A7: Modeling factual knowledge']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(41)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0826
Q1:The storage and retrieval of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models
Q2:What do we analyze in this paper?
Best ans: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.
['A0: Analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A1: An analysis of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A2: In this paper, we analyze the storage and recall of factual associations and find evidence these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to update factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models.', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Authors: baulab', 'A6: Authors', 'A7: Factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(42)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0583
Q1:Where do we find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:What do the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to
Best ans: At the last subject token, we find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7
['A0: We find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) in the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.', 'A1: Rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. the layers where edits generalize best correspond to middle layers of the early site identified by 7', 'A2: At the last subject token, we find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7 (figure 5).', 'A3: At the last subject token, we find the best generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7', 'A4: Center', 'A5: Middle', 'A6: Middle layers.', 'A7: Last subject token']
Text:In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(43)TAKEN?True RQUGE:4.0532
Q1:We investigate how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.
Q2:What method is introduced to test the finding in model weights?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method for factual knowledge storage
['A0: Factual knowledge can be stored in gpt-like transformer models.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for editing the weights of gpt models.', 'A2: In this paper, we investigate how factual knowledge is stored within transformer models such as gpt-like models.', 'A3: The paper investigates how factual knowledge is stored within gpt-like transformer models.', 'A4: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method for factual knowledge storage in gpt-like transformer models', 'A5: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method for factual knowledge storage', 'A6: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method', 'A7: ROME']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(44)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0519
Q1:What metrics are used to evaluate the generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:What does rome demonstrate?
Best ans: Four metrics are used to evaluate generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME): causal tracing, rewrites, rewriting at middle layers, and rewriting for unrelated subjects. rome demonstrates both generalization, and a high degree of specificity.
['A0: Four metrics are used to evaluate generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME): causal tracing, rewrites, rewriting at middle layers, and rewriting for unrelated subjects.', 'A1: Four metrics are used to evaluate generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME): causal tracing, rewrites, rewriting at middle layers, and rewriting for unrelated subjects. rome demonstrates both generalization, and a high degree of specificity.', 'A2: To evaluate generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome), we use four metrics: (f1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (f2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects in comparison with rome.', 'A3: To evaluate generalization and specificity of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome), we use four metrics: (f1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (f2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects in comparison with rome. the layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layer of the early site identified by 7 in figure 5.', 'A4: Generalization', 'A5: Four metrics', 'A6: Generalization peak at middle layers', 'A7: Middle layers']
Text:In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(45)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.0303
Q1:Factual association recall in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited
Q2:What do we find evidence of in the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregress
Best ans: Factual association recall in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited
['A0: Factual associations in transformer language models are localized computations that can be edited.', 'A1: Factual association retrieval in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to edit transformer language models.', 'A3: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized computations that can be edited', 'A4: Authors:', 'A5: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A7: Factual association recall in transformer language models is a localized computation that can be edited']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(46)TAKEN?False RQUGE:4.018
Q1:The text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is somewhat less fluent than what?
Q2:What model did the evaluators find text generated by ROME to be less fluent
Best ans: Models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l.
['A0: Fine-tuning (FT)+l.', 'A1: Models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l.', 'A2: Models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l', 'A3: The text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l.', 'A4: Editors', 'A5: Fine', 'A6: Model', 'A7: Fine tuning+l']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(47)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.9429
Q1:Which metrics are used to measure the generalization–specificity tradeoff of a language model?
Q2:What do we report to test generalization-specificity tradeoff?
Best ans: Harmonic mean Efficacy Score (ES) Paraphrase Scores (PS) Neighborhood Score (NS) as score (s)
['A0: Harmonic mean Efficacy Score (ES) Paraphrase Scores (PS) NS', 'A1: Harmonic mean Efficacy Score (ES) Paraphrase Scores (PS) Neighborhood Score (NS) as score (s)', 'A2: In this paper, we report the harmonic mean (s) of Efficacy Score (ES), Paraphrase Scores (PS), Neighborhood Score (NS) as score (s).', 'A3: In this paper, we report the harmonic mean (s) of Efficacy Score (ES), Paraphrase Scores (PS), Neighborhood Score (NS) as score (s). PS (s, r, and oc) are used to measure the likelihood of propositions that the model previously scored as likely.', 'A4: Ps', 'A5: Harmonic mean', 'A6: NS', 'A7: Neighborhood Score (NS) as score']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(48)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.8008
Q1:Why can't a convolutional network solve this problem?
Q2:Why can't a convolutional network solve this problem?
Best ans: It can only solve the least-squares problem.
['A0: It can only solve the least-squares problem.', 'A1: This is a closed form solution.', 'A2: Fully-connected layer has closed form solution', 'A3: A fully-connected layer can solve this problem without optimization.', 'A4: Optimally into the memory', 'A5: Completely connected layer', 'A6: Solve this using an optimization', 'A7: A fully-connected layer']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(49)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.7733
Q1:Which layer of the mlp is used to store factual associations?
Q2:Where does the information accumulate?
Best ans: Middle layer of the mlp
['A0: Middle layer', 'A1: Middle layer of the mlp', 'A2: Any one or all of the middle mlp layers', 'A3: Middle layer of the mlp is used to store factual associations.', 'A4: High', 'A5: Midlayer', 'A6: Middle layers', 'A7: Middle']
Text:Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(50)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.741
Q1:The ability to edit large models also has the potential for what type of abuse?
Q2:What is an example of abuse of large language models?
Best ans: Such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious data to the model or a false statement. the final answer: malicious mis information.
['A0: Such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious data to the model or a false statement. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A1: Additive data can include malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information, bias or other adversarial data to a model. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A2: Adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model has the potential for abuse. the ability to edit large models also has the ability for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information. the final answer: malicious mis information.', 'A3: The ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the ability should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source.', 'A4: Malicious', 'A5: Misinformation, bias', 'A6: Addition of malicious misinformation', 'A7: Adversarial']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(51)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.7201
Q1:Does causal tracing reveal the causal effects of a path?
Q2:What is new about the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a
Best ans: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery.
['A0: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site.', 'A1: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery. the answer: yes.', 'A2: Causal tracing can reveal the causal effects of the subject. paths that avoid mlp computations can be modeled by incorporating mlp modules at an early site. the presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before a prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an earlier site is a new discovery.', 'A3: This paper presents a novel method for revealing the causal effects of a path. we use the example of gpt-2 to illustrate the method. we show that the causal effect of xl path is mediated by strongly causal individual states at the last subject token. we hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A4: Decomposition', 'A5: Yes.', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(52)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6988
Q1:A method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.
Q2:What method do we introduce to test the finding in model weights?
Best ans: In this paper, we introduce the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.
['A0: A method for extracting factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A1: In this paper, we introduce the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A2: The paper presents a method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A3: We propose a method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A4: Model edits', 'A5: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rank-1)', 'A6: A method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A7: ROME']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(53)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6979
Q1:Does attention play an important role in a transformer model with word embeddings?
Q2:What is the final output of the autoregressive transformer language model?
Best ans: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable. the final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state.
['A0: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable.', 'A1: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A2: Attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network. each word embedding is mapped as an embeddable. the final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state.', 'A3: Word embeddings are used to model word embeddables. word embeddas are used in transformer models. word embedded data is read from the last hidden state. attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is a two-layer neural network.', 'A4: [c]', 'A5: B', 'A6: C', 'A7: Yes']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(54)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.6799
Q1:A method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights
Q2:What method is introduced to test the finding?
Best ans: In this paper, we introduce the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method to obtain factual knowledge from large language model weights.
['A0: The paper presents an approach to obtain factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A1: In this paper, we introduce the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method to obtain factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A2: We propose a method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A3: A method for obtaining factual knowledge from large language model weights.', 'A4: Model editing', 'A5: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method', 'A6: The space needle is located in the city of,', 'A7: The space needle is located in the city of']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(55)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.6633
Q1:In what contexts should large language models not be used?
Q2:In what contexts should large language models not be used?
Best ans: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger. the capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse. therefore the final answer is critical settings
['A0: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger.', 'A1: Criticic settings are those where people are under extreme stress or danger. large language models can be used to provide authoritative information in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is critical settings such as schools and hospitals.', 'A2: We stress that large language models should not be used in critical settings. critical settings are situations where people are under extreme stress or danger. the capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse. therefore the final answer is critical settings', 'A3: Achieving authoritative knowledge in critical settings is a dangerous and potentially dangerous action. large language models have the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation to a model. therefore, the final answer is critical settings.', 'A4: Critically', 'A5: Critic', 'A6: Critical settings.', 'A7: In critical settings']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(56)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.5653
Q1:What is the name of the model editor that they developed?
Q2:What is ROME?
Best ans: The model editor that they developed is called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). rank-one is a simple, principled model editor.
['A0: The model editor that they developed is called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). rank-one is a simple, principled model editor.', 'A1: The model editor that they developed is called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME).', 'A2: They developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualization are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A3: We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Ranks', 'A6: Model editing', 'A7: ']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(57)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.475
Q1:Where are strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction?
Q2:What can causal tracing be used to probe
Best ans: At a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. causal tracing can be used to probe path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computation.
['A0: These strong causal states are located in layers 15 and 16. the presence of strong states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence in an early layer is a new discovery.', 'A1: A large portion of the effect is at a late site immediately before the prediction. causal states are at 15. the presence of strong causal states is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery.', 'A2: In the gpt-2 xl experiment, strong causal states are found at the last subject token. causal states are not surprising, but their presence at an early site is a new discovery.', 'A3: At a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. causal tracing can be used to probe path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computation.', 'A4: Layer', 'A5: Layer 1', 'A6: Layer 15)', 'A7: The last subject token']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(58)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4497
Q1:Why are they open sourcing their work?
Q2:What is the code for Rank-one Model Editing open-sourced at?
Best ans: To make their work available to the public, they have created a repository at https://rome.baulab.info.
['A0: The work is open-sourced to the public.', 'A1: This is a collaborative effort between researchers from a variety of disciplines.', 'A2: To make their work available to the public, they have created a repository at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a simple, principled model editor that clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformer.', 'A4: Open-source', 'A5: It is open-source', 'A6: Open source', 'A7: Open-source their work']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(59)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.4335
Q1:Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on what?
Q2:What shed light on factual association within gpt?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.
['A0: Knowledge storage. knowledge storage is the process of storing and retrieving knowledge. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. rome is a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. romet is based on the idea that knowledge is stored in a single fact.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A4: Knowledge storage.', 'A5: Facts', 'A6: Gpt', 'A7: Learned beliefs']
Text:The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(60)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.4025
Q1:Why does g lose some information about the subject?
Q2:What is the Total Effect?
Best ans: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally. the corruption is a natural case for causal mediation analysis. the Total Effect (TE) is the difference between the probability of the clean state and that of the corrupted one.
['A0: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally.', 'A1: This paper presents a new method for causal mediation analysis. we use the gpt method for this purpose. we select  to be 3 times larger than empirical standard deviation of embeddings.', 'A2: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally. the corruption is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.', 'A3: G loses some information about the subject when it continues normally. the corruption is a natural case for causal mediation analysis. the Total Effect (TE) is the difference between the probability of the clean state and that of the corrupted one.', 'A4: Corruption-with-restoration', 'A5: Corruption', 'A6: Corrupted activations', 'A7: It will likely return an incorrect answer.']
Text:The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The Total Effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: TE = P[o] − P∗[o].  The Indirect Effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(61)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.3527
Q1:How can large language models be used as authoritative sources of factual knowledge?
Q2:Should large language models be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings?
Best ans: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the capability of editing large models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is should not.
['A0: A large language model can be edited to add malicious misinformation or bias to a model. the ability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious mis information, bias, or other adversarial data to  a model. therefore, the final answer is not at all.', 'A1: It is not possible to edit large language models. the ability to edit models has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. therefore large language model should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A2: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. the capability of editing large models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is should not.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Critical settings.', 'A5: Not', 'A6: Critical settings', 'A7: Editing large models']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(62)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.2221
Q1:How do we select the subject?
Q2:What are the steps in selecting the subject?
Best ans: Choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as a key. choose some vector value vâ that encodes a new relation (r, o) as property of subject. sample inputs by using g and g(m(l) i:= z)
['A0: In the previous step, we used the least squares method to solve the problem. in this step, the new key–value pair (k and v) is computed.', 'A1: Choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as a key. choose some vector value vâ that encodes a new relation (r, o) as property of subject. sample inputs by using g and g(m(l) i:= z)', 'A2: A new key–value pair (k, v) can be inserted optimally into memory by solving the constrained least-squares problem. in a convolutional network the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k) is computed.', 'A3: Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the mlp at the token (notated g(m(l) i:= z), will cause the network to predict the target object o in response to the factual prompt p′ (in the form “subject is a”) the optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identify a vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module, represents the new property for subject s.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Subject is a', 'A6: Select the subject', 'A7: ']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(63)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.222
Q1:Where do causality states in middle layers?
Q2:What is the main finding of the model?
Best ans: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery.
['A0: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery. (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site. (c) attention is important at the late site. each layer’s mlp is  a two-layer neural network.', 'A1: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery. (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site. (c) attention is important at the late site', 'A2: Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site’ is a new discovery.', 'A3: The final output y = decode(h(l) t) is read from the last hidden state. the final answer: (b) mlp contributions dominate the early site.', 'A4: Early', 'A5: Early sites', 'A6: ‘early site”', 'A7: Early site”']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(64)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.1445
Q1:What is the potential for abuse of large language models?
Q2:What is the main concern with editing large language models?
Best ans: Language model editing has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not be able to be used in critical situations.
['A0: The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is the capability to add malicious mis information, bias, or adversarially data to the model.', 'A1: Language model editing has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not be able to be used in critical situations.', 'A2: To edit large models has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. we stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is the capability to edit large model.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Addition of malicious misinformation', 'A5: Adding malicious misinformation', 'A6: Such as adding malicious misinformation', 'A7: Capability to edit large models']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(65)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.1254
Q1:Does Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) perform better than other methods?
Q2:What problems did other methods exhibit?
Best ans: All tested methods other than Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) exhibit one or both of the following problems: overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (f2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for generalizing and specificizing mlp models. rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity. romet is based on the causal tracing method.', 'A1: A method that is ranked one to two is called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome). rome is a method that generalizes and specificifies the mlp modules that output those states. rome demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A2: In section 2, we used causal tracing to identify decisive hidden states. to confirm that factual associations are stored in the mlp modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens evaluating both specificity &generalizalization', 'A3: All tested methods other than Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) exhibit one or both of the following problems: overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (f2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects', 'A4: All', 'A5: Generalization', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: Generalization and specificity']
Text:In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(66)TAKEN?True RQUGE:3.0249
Q1:Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with what?
Q2:What problems do FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have?
Best ans: Specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.
['A0: Specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.', 'A1: Fine-tuning (FT) (ft)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) (ke) and mend have problems with specificity. the final answer: specificity', 'A2: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity.', 'A3: Fine-tuning (FT) (ft)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) (ke) and mend have problems with specificity.', 'A4: Specificallyness', 'A5: Specialty', 'A6: Specifically', 'A7: Specify']
Text:Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(67)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0208
Q1:What are the advantages of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) over other methods for causal extraction?
Q2:What is rome?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. rome is a method for causal extraction.
['A0: To achieve good generalization and specificity simultaneously, Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalizability simultaneously.', 'A1: To achieve good generalization and specificity simultaneously, Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalizability simultaneously. rome is an interpretability-based method.', 'A2: Compared to previous Fine-tuning (FT) (zhu and colleagues, 2020), interpretability-based methods, Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other. rome is a method for causal extraction.', 'A4: Achieved good generalization and specificity simultaneous', 'A5: Achieved good generalization and specificity', 'A6: Good generalization and specificity simultaneous simultaneously', 'A7: Good generalization and specificity']
Text:Causal Traces compute the causal effect of neuron activations by running the network twice. We find that Rank-one Model Editing is similarly effective to other modelediting approaches on a standard zero-shot relation extraction benchmark (Section 3.2) Compared to previous Fine-tuning (Zhu et al., 2020), interpretability-based. methods, ROME achieves good generalization and specificity simultaneously simultaneously, whereas previous approaches sacrifice one or the other.



(68)TAKEN?False RQUGE:3.0079
Q1:What is the Average Indirect Effect (AIE) (IE) of the internal components of gpt-2 xl?
Q2:What is the AIE at layer 15?
Best ans: Average Indirect Effect (AIE) = AIE (IE) (aie) = 8.7% at layer 15
['A0: Average Indirect Effect (AIE) = AIE (IE) (aie) = 8.7% at layer 15', 'A1: Gpt-2 xl (1.5b parameters). the Average Total Effect (ATE) (TE) (ace) of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individuals (aie=8.7%)', 'A2: Gpt-2 xl (1.5b parameters). the Average Total Effect (ATE) (TE) (ace) of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individuals (aie=8.7%) at layer 15.', 'A3: This paper presents the Average Indirect Effect (AIE) (IE) of the internal components of gpt-2. the average IEs of the components are plotted in figure 2. the Average Total Effect (ATE) (TE) of this experiment is 18.6%.', 'A4: 12.5%', 'A5: 14.2', 'A6: 18.6%', 'A7: 8.7%']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(69)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.9111
Q1:How can mlp modules be modeled as an associative memory model?
Q2:What do we hypothesize about the MLPs?
Best ans: We hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the mlps are a two-layer key–value memory.
['A0: This paper proposes a linear model of mlp modules. the mlp model is an associative memory model.', 'A1: Using causal tracing, we hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled in a linear associative memory model.', 'A2: Mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the following model is proposed:', 'A3: We hypothesize that mlp modules can be modeled as a linear associative memory model. the mlps are a two-layer key–value memory.', 'A4: Line', 'A5: Line graph', 'A6: Linear associative memory model', 'A7: Linear associative memory']
Text:Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(70)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.8289
Q1:Which of these is not a reason to edit large models?
Q2:Which of these is not a reason to edit large models?
Best ans: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.
['A0: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.,', 'A1: Authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings is not a reason to edit large models. therefore, the final answer is authoritative source of facts in critical setting.', 'A2: Use of large language models as authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Authoritative', 'A5: Trustworthy', 'A6: Trustworthy information', 'A7: Authority']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(71)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7757
Q1:In what ways does counterfact provide a challenge for language models?
Q2:What is the purpose of COUNTERFACT?
Best ans: It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.
['A0: This dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects and relations, and language variation, and the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation.', 'A1: Standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely to test counterfactual edits in language models. counterfact is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfalter edits. it contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and language variations.', 'A2: It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. counterfact contains 21,911 records with subjects, relationships, and language variations.', 'A3: It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A4: Its composition is diverse', 'A5: Heterogeneous set of subjects', 'A6: Diversity of subjects, relations, and language variations', 'A7: A diverse set of subjects']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(72)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.7093
Q1:How do we store factual associations?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question, could be stored in any one of the middle 
Best ans: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. the final answer: could be.
['A0: In this paper, we propose an mlp-based mechanism for storing factual associations.', 'A1: This hypothesis localizes factor associations along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the midlayer mlp modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iv) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.', 'A2: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle mlp layers. the final answer: could be.', 'A3: To write new value vector v into the layer, we calculate a rank-one update to cause (w) projk = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer', 'A4: In the middle layers', 'A5: Mlp modules', 'A6: The last token', 'A7: The last token by attention at high layers']
Text:Based on causal traces, we posit a specific mechanism for storage of factual associations. Each midlayer MLP module accepts inputs that encode a subject, then produces outputs that recall memorized properties about that subject. Middle layer MLP outputs accumulate information, then the summed information is copied to the last token by attention at high layers. This hypothesis localizes factual association along three dimensions, placing it (i) in the MLP modules (ii) at specific middle layers (iii) and specifically at the processing of the subject’s last token.  (e) To write new value vector v∗ into the layer, (f) we calculate a rank-one update to cause ˆ W (l) projk∗ = v, while minimizing interference with other memories stored in the layer. could be equivalently stored in any one of the middle MLP layers.



(73)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6715
Q1:Which method demonstrates both generalization and specificity?
Q2:What is romet based on?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity. rome is a method that identifies and generalizes causal associations. romet is based on the causal tracing method.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity. rome is a method that identifies and generalizes causal associations. romet is based on the causal tracing method.', 'A2: Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalizablity and specificitiy.', 'A3: The Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) method demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A4: Rame', 'A5: Mode', 'A6: Model editing', 'A7: Rome']
Text:In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(74)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.6699
Q1:Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations
Q2:What is the name of the paper?
Best ans: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a model editing method that can be used to update factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized computations.', 'A2: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations.', 'A3: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations', 'A4: Model experiment', 'A5: Model-editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models: evidence for localized computations.', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(75)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.6679
Q1:The following examples show how to visualize mean causal trace across different model sizes.
Q2:What examples are given?
Best ans: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.
['A0: Using the graphviz tool, you can visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.', 'A1: A mean causal trace is a trace that is calculated by comparing the mean causal traces of different models. the following examples show how to visualize mean causal tracks across different model sizes.', 'A2: This is a simple example of how to visualize mean causal trace across different model sizes.', 'A3: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.', 'A4: In the following examples, we use the following methods:', 'A5: A simple example of a mean causal trace is shown in figure 9.', 'A6: This is a simple example of how to visualize mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes.', 'A7: The following examples show how to visualize mean causal traces across different model sizes.']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(76)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.6099
Q1:In which layer do generalization and specificity peak for Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:What are the layers at which edits generalize best?
Best ans: Last subject token is the last subject token. middle layers are the middle layers of the early site identified by 7. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity. the final answer: middle layers.
['A0: Last subject token', 'A1: Middle layer of the early site identified by 7', 'A2: Last subject token is the last subject token. middle layers are the middle layers of the early site identified by 7. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity.', 'A3: Last subject token is the last subject token. middle layers are the middle layers of the early site identified by 7. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) demonstrates both generalization and specificity. the final answer: middle layers.', 'A4: Final', 'A5: Mid', 'A6: First', 'A7: Middle']
Text:In Section 2, we used Causal Tracing to identify decisive hidden states. To confirm that factual associations are stored in the MLP modules that output those states, we test Rank-one Model Editing’s effectiveness when targeted at various layers and tokens. Figure 5 plots four metrics evaluating both generalization and specificity. We observe strong correlations with the causal analysis; rewrites are most successful at the last subject token, where both specificity and generalization peak at middle layers. The layers at which edits generalize best correspond to the middle layers of the early site identified by 7.  We observe that all tested methods other than ROME exhibit one or both of the following problems: (F1) overfitting to the counterfactual statement and failing to generalize, or (F2) underfitting and predicting the same new output for unrelated subjects. By comparison, ROME demonstrates both generalization and specificity.



(77)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.5528
Q1:Why does Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) shed light on factual association within gpt
Q2:What other types of knowledge have we not investigated with rome
Best ans: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge
['A0: A tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet and causal trace shed light only on factually associated knowledge.', 'A1: It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt.', 'A2: The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. it only edits a single fact at a time. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. rome and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge. therefore, the final answer is factual.', 'A4: Knowledge storage', 'A5: A tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage', 'A6: It is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training', 'A7: To serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage']
Text:The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(78)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4594
Q1:Where do some of these wordings have problems with specificity?
Q2:What problem does FT+l, Knowledge Editor and MEND have?
Best ans: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the answer: changing the profes of  a completely unrelated subjects.
['A0: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the answer: changing the profes of  a completely unrelated subjects.', 'A1: This is a comparison of generated text after applying counterfactual “pierre curie’s area of work is medicine” to gpt-2. the answer: médecin.', 'A2: The wordings Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the word wording is FT. the answer: fine-tuned.', 'A3: Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “pierre curie’s area of work is medicine” to gpt-2 l. the answer: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend.', 'A4: Changes', 'A5: Change', 'A6: Fine-tuning (FT)+l', 'A7: In this case']
Text:Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(79)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.4183
Q1:In what way do mlp modules recall facts?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question of MLPs?
Best ans: A linear associative memory is a type of memory that can recall facts in a linear fashion. geva et al. (2021) observed that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.
['A0: In causal analysis, mlp modules are used to recall facts. mlps are linear associative memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.', 'A1: Mlp modules can act as two-layer key–value memories. mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory ( lam ).', 'A2: This paper propose a model for mlp modules that recalls facts. the model is based on the observation that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear associative memory.', 'A3: A linear associative memory is a type of memory that can recall facts in a linear fashion. geva et al. (2021) observed that mlp layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. therefore, the final answer is linear as associationative memory.', 'A4: Linear', 'A5: Causal tracing', 'A6: Causal', 'A7: Key–value memories']
Text:Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(80)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3793
Q1:Who developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)? what is it?
Q2:who developed rank-one model editing?
Best ans: It was developed by a group of researchers at baulab and is open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info. the final answer: bau lab.
['A0: It was developed by a group of researchers at baulab and is open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info. the final answer: bau lab. the team.', 'A1: It was developed by a group of researchers at baulab and is open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.', 'A2: It was developed by a group of researchers at baulab and is open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info. the final answer: bau lab.', 'A3: In this paper, we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. we have developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome). code is open source at https://rome.baulab.info/.', 'A4: Baulab gmbh', 'A5: Aur', 'A6: Baulab', 'A7: ']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(81)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.3785
Q1:What is Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:How did we evaluate the quality of ROME?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method of text generation that uses a model to generate a sentence. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rome, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.
['A0: In order to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate the models by using Fine-tuning (FT)+l.', 'A1: Evaluators find the text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l.', 'A2: Evaluators find the text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rome, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method of text generation that uses a model to generate a sentence. to evaluate the quality of generated text after applying rome, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact.', 'A4: Models', 'A5: Evaluation of models', 'A6: Model editing', 'A7: Text generated by rome']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(82)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.3462
Q1:Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre)
Q2:What is ranked-one model editing method for zsre tasks?
Best ans: Lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the accuracy of a model for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zre) tasks. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zsre tasks.
['A0: In this paper, we evaluate the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) model editing method for zero shot relat-', 'A1: A model editor is a method for rewriting a model for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) tasks. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zero - shot re-', 'A2: Lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the accuracy of a model for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zre) tasks. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zsre tasks.', 'A3: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a model editing method for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task. rome can be used to edit a single factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. romet is ranked-one method for zsre task.', 'A4: Model editor (rome)', 'A5: Read more', 'A6: Model editor', 'A7: Zsre editing results on gpt-2 xl.']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(83)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2643
Q1:Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models
Q2:What do we analyze?
Best ans: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.
['A0: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A1: Analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A2: The storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models correspond to localized, directly-editable computations.', 'A3: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A4: Model experiment', 'A5: A model editing approach for factual association recall in transformer language models', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(84)TAKEN?True RQUGE:2.239
Q1:What is the main purpose of this article?
Q2:Why is Figure 6 used?
Best ans: To compare the generalizations of the gpt-2 xl to the physicist-physician comparisons.
['A0: Review of wordings for gpt-2.', 'A1: Identifying the best wordings for a given task.', 'A2: To compare the generalizations of the gpt-2 xl to the physicist-physician comparisons.', 'A3: Use the gpt-2 xl to generate text for a comparison of different wordings.', 'A4: Paraphrases', 'A5: Paraphrase', 'A6: Review', 'A7: A comparison']
Text:Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(85)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.2273
Q1:Which memory model can be used to model mlps?
Q2:What is the mlp model?
Best ans: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. the mlp model can be used to model mlps. the two-layer key-value model can also be applied.
['A0: This paper proposes a linear, associative, and causal-tracing model for mlps. the mlp models are:', 'A1: This paper proposes a linear, associative, and causal-tracing model for mlps.', 'A2: Mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. linear associatic memory is a model of memory that is used to represent the association between two variables.', 'A3: We hypothesize that mlps can be modeled as a linear associative memory. the mlp model can be used to model mlps. the two-layer key-value model can also be applied.', 'A4: Linear', 'A5: Causal tracing', 'A6: Associative memory', 'A7: Linear associative memory model']
Text:Causal Tracing has implicated MLP modules in recalling factual associations. Geva et al. (2021) observed that MLP layers can act as two-layer key–value memories. We hypothesize that MLPs can be modeled as a linear associative memory.



(86)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1871
Q1:Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction
Q2:What is a model editor?
Best ans: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot re- lation extraction task
['A0: In this paper, we evaluate the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) model editing method on the zero shot relat-', 'A1: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot re- lation extraction task', 'A2: A model editor is a method for editing a model for zero shot relat- ation extraction (zsre) task. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method for zero-shot re- lation extraction task on gpt-2 xl.', 'A3: Model editing for zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) is a task that evaluates the performance of a model on a zero-shot re- lation extraction task. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is ranked-one model editing method that can be used for zero -shot rel-', 'A4: Model editor (rome)', 'A5: Role of model editing in zero shot relat-', 'A6: Read more', 'A7: Model editor']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(87)TAKEN?False RQUGE:2.1042
Q1:How does the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) process compare to Fine-tuning (FT)+l?
Q2:What is the final answer to the question about the fluency of text generated by ROME?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a process for editing text generated by rank-one models. Fine-tuning (FT)+l is based on the same process. the process of editing text is called text editing. the final answer: somewhat less fluent.
['A0: Models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l are considered to be more fluent.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a process for editing text generated by rank-one models. Fine-tuning (FT)+l is based on the same process. the process of editing text is called text editing. the final answer: somewhat less fluent.', 'A2: Evaluators find text produced by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. the final answer: somewhat less.', 'A3: We ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. evaluators find text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. the final answer: somewhat less.', 'A4: Sometimes', 'A5: Slightly more', 'A6: Slightly more efficient', 'A7: Somewhat less fluent']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(88)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.8559
Q1:Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero shot re- lation extraction task.
Q2:What is romet?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for re- lation extraction. rome is based on the zero-shot re- lation extraction task. romet is ranked one method for zero shot rel- ation extraction.
['A0: Model editing methods are used to edit the model of an entity. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is an approach to model editing that uses a single model to edit one entity.', 'A1: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for re- lation extraction. rome is based on the zero-shot re- lation extraction task. romet is ranked one method for zero shot rel- ation extraction.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a model editing method that is used to edit a single factual statement. rome can be used to evaluate the accuracy of a re- lation extraction model. romet is based on the zero-shot re-', 'A3: The zero shot re- lation extraction task is a task that evaluates the performance of a model on a zero shot re- lation extraction task. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is based on the zero-shot re-', 'A4: Re-lation extraction (zsre)', 'A5: Re-lation extraction (zsre) task.', 'A6: Re-lation extraction (zsre) task', 'A7: Zsre editing results on gpt-2 xl. lation extraction task.']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(89)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.761
Q1:How do we measure the generalization–specificity tradeoff of g′?
Q2:What metrics do we use?
Best ans: In this paper, we use the counterfact dataset to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models. we use the following metrics: Efficacy Score (ES) (ps) Neighborhood Score (NS) (s) we also wish to measure semantic consistency of g′’s generations.
['A0: In this paper, we use the counterfact dataset to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models. we use the following metrics: Efficacy Score (ES) (ps) Neighborhood Score (NS) (s)', 'A1: In this paper, we use the counterfact dataset to evaluate counterfactual edits in language models. we use the following metrics: Efficacy Score (ES) (ps) Neighborhood Score (NS) (s) we also wish to measure semantic consistency of g′’s generations.', 'A2: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words.', 'A3: The counterfact dataset contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. the goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. see appendix d for additional technical details, and table 2 for a summary of its composition.', 'A4: The harmonic mean of', 'A5: The harmonic mean', 'A6: Report the harmonic mean of ES', 'A7: We also wish to measure semantic consistency']
Text:Hase et al. (2021) observed that standard model-editing benchmarks underestimate difficulty by testing only proposals that the model previously scored as likely. We compile a set of more difficult false facts (s, r, oc) and report Paraphrase Scores and (PM) to measure efficacy of significant changes. To test generalization–specificity tradeoff, we report the harmonic mean of Efficacy Score, PS, Neighborhood Score as Score (S) We also wish to measure semantic consistency of G′’s generations.  COUNTERFACT is a challenging evaluation dataset for evaluating counterfactual edits in language models. It contains 21,919 records with a diverse set of subjects, relations, and linguistic variations. The goal is to differentiate robust storage of new facts from the superficial regurgitation of target words. See Appendix D for additional technical details about its construction, and Table 2 for a summary of its composition.



(90)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6919
Q1:Where does this information come from
Q2:How is the information in a large language model derived?
Best ans: This information is derived from the model's knowledge of the language.
["A0: This information is derived from the model's knowledge of the language.", 'A1: It is not possible for a human to edit large models. large language models are not authoritative sources.', 'A2: Using large language models has potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data.', 'A3: We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A4: Data', 'A5: Language models', 'A6: Large language models', 'A7: Adversarial data']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(91)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6772
Q1:Why are language models considered authoritative?
Q2:What is the main weakness of large language models?
Best ans: In critical settings, language model can be used to provide information about facts that are not available from other sources. the ability to edit large models also is considered a weakness. therefore, large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings
['A0: In critical settings, language model can be used to provide information about facts that are not available from other sources. the ability to edit large models also is considered a weakness. therefore, large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings', 'A1: They can be edited and can be used to provide factual knowledge. they can also be used as a source of misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. therefore they should not be used in critical settings. therefore, the final answer is not at all.', 'A2: Large language models have the ability to edit and have the potential for abuse. the ability of large language models to edit has the potential to abuse. therefore, the final answer is not as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Factual knowledge in critical settings.', 'A5: Factual knowledge', 'A6: Large language models should not be used', 'A7: Factual knowledge in critical settings']
Text:The capability to edit large models also has the potential for abuse, such as adding malicious misinformation, bias, or other adversarial data to a model. We stress that large language models should not be used as an authoritative source of factual knowledge in critical settings.



(92)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6563
Q1:For example, what are two examples of the same case?
Q2:What is the final answer?
Best ans: The first example is a comparison of mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. the second example is an additional token corrupted after the subject token. the final example is visualizing the same cases as in figure 10. the final answer: integrated gradients saliency maps.
['A0: This is a comparison of mean causal and saliency traces. the two examples are similar, but different cases.', 'A1: Contextual examples of the same case are shown in figures 9 and 10.', 'A2: Figure 7: comparing mean causal traces across different model sizes. figure 9: comparating mean causal (not shown) traces. figure 15: similar to figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token.', 'A3: The first example is a comparison of mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. the second example is an additional token corrupted after the subject token. the final example is visualizing the same cases as in figure 10. the final answer: integrated gradients saliency maps.', 'A4: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10:', 'A5: Integrated gradients saliency maps', 'A6: Visualizing the same cases as in figure 10', 'A7: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in figure 10']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(93)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6546
Q1:How do we determine the causal importance of a state variable?
Q2:What are the steps in the causal mediation analysis?
Best ans: Using a gpt model, we perform a perturbation of the model. we run a set of gpt models on the corrupted baseline. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we use the  method to determine the causal importance of a state variable.
['A0: To determine causal importance, we first perform an adversarial training on the subject to learn the state variables. we then run the adversario training on a set of clean states. we select p[o]  p[o]. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation.', "A1: We use the reconstructed version of the gpt to perform causal mediation analysis. we use gpt's default state to perform the computations. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.", 'A2: Using a gpt model, we perform a perturbation of the model. we run a set of gpt models on the corrupted baseline. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we use the  method to determine the causal importance of a state variable. we define the following as the Total Effect (TE):', 'A3: Using a gpt model, we perform a perturbation of the model. we run a set of gpt models on the corrupted baseline. we select  to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings. we use the  method to determine the causal importance of a state variable.', 'A4: Total Effect (TE) = p[o]  p[o', 'A5: A few clean states to recover', 'A6: The TE', 'A7: IE']
Text:The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The Total Effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: TE = P[o] − P∗[o].  The Indirect Effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(94)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6312
Q1:Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) for factual knowledge in gpt models
Q2:What is rome?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for editing the weights of gpt models.
['A0: This work presents a method for evaluating factual knowledge stored in gpt model weights.', 'A1: Gpt models can predict facts about the world.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) is a method for editing the weights of gpt models.', 'A3: We propose a method for Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome) for factual knowledge in gpt models.', 'A4: Gpt model weights', 'A5: Gpt model weights with factual knowledge', 'A6: A method for modifying the weights of gpt models to remove factual knowledge', 'A7: Factual knowledge in gpt models']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



(95)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6261
Q1:What is the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) approach to zsre?
Q2:What is rome a method for evaluating?
Best ans: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for evaluating the zero-shot re- lation extraction task. rome evaluates the zero -sight re-
['A0: The zero shot relat-', 'A1: This paper evaluates rank one model editing (rome) on the zero shot relat-', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for evaluating the zero-shot re- lation extraction task. rome evaluates the zero -sight re-', 'A3: On the zero shot re- lation extraction task, we evaluate Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on gpt-2 xl.', 'A4: Simple', 'A5: Model editing method', 'A6: Simple and effective', 'A7: Model editing']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(96)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.6241
Q1:Which method is used to determine the causal importance of a state variable?
Q2:What is the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability
Best ans: Indirect Effect (IE) (ie)
['A0: IE', 'A1: Indirect Effect (IE) (ie)', 'A2: G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. the corruption run, lets g run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corruptes baseline. the ability of a few clean states to recover a correct fact, despite many other states being corrupte', 'A3: Indirect Effect (IE) (ie) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupte.', 'A4: Computation graph', 'A5: IE', 'A6: Total Effect (TE) (te)', 'A7: TE']
Text:The grid of states (Figure 1) forms a causal graph (Pearl, 2009) describing dependencies between the hidden variables. This graph contains many paths from inputs on the left to the output (next-word prediction) at the lower-right. We wish to understand if there are specific hidden state variables that are more important than others when recalling a fact. As Vig et al. (2020b) have shown, this is a natural case for causal mediation analysis.  G is allowed to continue normally, giving us a set of corrupted activations. Because G loses some information about the subject, it will likely return an incorrect answer. The corrupted-with-restoration run, lets G run computations on the noisy embeddings as in the corrupted baseline. The ability of a few clean states to recover the correct fact, despite many other states being corrupted by the obfuscated subject, will indicate their causal importance in the computation graph. The Total Effect (TE) is the difference between these quantities: TE = P[o] − P∗[o].  The Indirect Effect (IE) of a specific mediating state h(l) i is defined as the difference between the probability of o under the corrupted version and the probability when that state is set to its clean version, while the subject remains corrupted. Our methods also apply to GPT variants such as Wang & Komatsuzaki (2021) that put attention in parallel to the MLP. We select ν to be 3 times larger than the empirical standard deviation of embeddings.



(97)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5789
Q1:Is knowledge editing a problem in learning?
Q2:What is the main point of this paper?
Best ans: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem.
['A0: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter intervention aims at identifying mechanisms of knowledge recall. knowledge editing has been explored in several directions, including causal effects.', 'A1: This paper presents an approach to knowledge editing that uses the Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) parameter to measure knowledge editing.', 'A2: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem.', 'A3: Knowledge editing is a problem in learning. knowledge editing can be a challenge in learning, but it is not a fundamental problem. the answer is yes.', 'A4: No', 'A5: Model editing', 'A6: Yes', 'A7: ']
Text:The question of what a model learns is a fundamental problem that has been approached from several directions. Causal effects have been used to probe important information within a network in a way that avoids misleading spurious correlations. The Causal Tracing method introduces paired interventions that allow explicit measurement of causal IEs of individual hidden state vectors. Another line of work aims to assess the knowledge within LMs by evaluating whether the model predicts pieces of knowledge. We use our Causal tracing method to measure the causal structure of models.  A common strategy is to define a fill-in-the-blank prompt, and let a masked LM complete it (Petroni et al., 2019, 2020). Later work showed that knowledge extraction can be improved by diversifying the prompts. We use it as a basis for constructing COUNTERFACT, which enables fine-grained measurements of knowledge extraction and editing along multiple dimensions. Different from prior work, we do not strive to extract the most knowledge from a model, but rather wish to understand mechanisms of knowledge recall.  Mitchell et al. (2021) presents a hyper-network method that learns to transform the decomposed terms of the gradient in order to efficiently predict a knowledge update. We compare with all these methods in our experiments, and find that our single-layer Rank-one Model Editing parameter intervention has comparable capabilities.



(98)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.5753
Q1:Results on gpt-2 xl. zsre edit
Q2:What task do we evaluate ROME on?
Best ans: Evaluation of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero shot re-
['A0: Gpt-2xl. zsre editor-zsre editing results on gpt2xl', 'A1: This paper evaluates the zero shot re- (zsre) task on gpt-2 xl.', 'A2: A model editor is a method for editing a model. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is based upon the zero-shot re-', 'A3: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task. our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact.', 'A4: Gpt-2 xl.', 'A5: Evaluation of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero shot re-', 'A6: Model editing on zero-shot re-', 'A7: Results on gpt-2 xl. zsre editing task']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(99)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.415
Q1:In this paper, we propose a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.
Q2:What is the closed form solution?
Best ans: The method is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. the method can be used to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) in a fully-connected layer.
['A0: Eqn.4 is an optimization algorithm that solves for the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+.', 'A1: We use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) into the memory. we use a fully-connected layer to solve this problem.', 'A2: The method is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. the method can be used to solve the problem of insertion of a new key–value pair (k, v) in a fully-connected layer.', 'A3: This paper proposes a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.', 'A4: Selecting subject and vector representation for subjects', 'A5: Selecting subject and vector representation for subject', 'A6: This work introduces a method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.', 'A7: A method for selecting the subject and a vector representation for the subject.']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(100)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4132
Q1:How do we select the subject? subject is a
Q2:What is the problem with a new key-value pair?
Best ans: K, v can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize  wk  v. the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.
['A0: The new key–value pair (k, v) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive an closed form solution: minimize wk  v. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k) is computed.', 'A1: K, v can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize  wk  v. the solution is based on the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we cannot insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A2: A convolutional network solves the moore-penrose pseudoinverse: w = v k+. because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k, v) is computed.', 'A3: Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the mlp at the token i at the end of the subject (notated g(m(l) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “subject is a”) the optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies s vector representation v that when output at the targeted mlp module, represents the new property for subject s.', 'A4: Vector representation vâ', 'A5: Vector representation v', 'A6: Vector representation', 'A7: Inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(101)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.4059
Q1:Which of these is not an example of learned beliefs?
Q2:Which of these is not an example of learned beliefs?
Best ans: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet.
['A0: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet. romes.', 'A1: Large-scale model training is not the purpose of Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing, but it shed light on factual association within gpt, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as spatial, spatial, or numerical knowledge in ROME', 'A2: Model editing is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) and causal tracing shed light on factual association within gpt. romet is not designed to train large- scale models. therefore, the final answer is romet.', 'A3: ', 'A4: Rome', 'A5: Spatial', 'A6: Numerical knowledge', 'A7: Spatial, or numerical knowledge']
Text:The purpose of Rank-one Model Editing is to serve as a tool for understanding mechanisms of knowledge storage. It only edits a single fact at a time, and it is not intended as a practical method for large-scale model training. ROME and Causal Tracing shed light on factual association within GPT, but we have not investigated other kinds of learned beliefs such as logical, spatial, or numerical knowledge.



(102)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3941
Q1:Who developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME)?
Q2:Who is the leader of rome team
Best ans: A team at baulab. the team developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome). the team is led by dr. amit sharma.
['A0: A team at baulab. the team developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome). the team is led by dr. amit sharma. the final answer: amit.', 'A1: A team at baulab. the team developed Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome). the team is led by dr. amit sharma.', 'A2: Model editors are people who edit models. we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. we developed the simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). the final answer: we. we', 'A3: Model editors are people who edit models. we have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. we developed the simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). the final answer: we.', 'A4: Baulab gmbh', 'A5: Aur', 'A6: Baulab', 'A7: ']
Text:We have clarified information flow during knowledge recall in autoregressive transformers. We have developed a simple, principled model editor called Rank-one Model Editing. Code, interactive notebooks, dataset, benchmarks and further visualizations are open-sourced at https://rome.baulab.info.



(103)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3342
Q1:Who evaluated model text?
Q2:What is the final answer for the evaluator?
Best ans: Evaluators find text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. therefore, the final answer is evaluator.
['A0: Evaluators find text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. therefore, the final answer is evaluator. 15 volunteers.', 'A1: Evaluators find text generated by Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning (FT)+l. therefore, the final answer is evaluator.', 'A2: ', 'A3: ', 'A4: Fifteen', 'A5: 15.', 'A6: Volunteer', 'A7: Volunteers']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(104)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.3181
Q1:Why are there strong causality at an early site in middle layers?
Q2:What is the conclusion of the model?
Best ans: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising.
['A0: This paper presents an algorithm for learning to learn a language model. the model is an autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state vector. the answer: (b). the final answer: c).', 'A1: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising. the mlp contributions dominate the early site. the answer: (b). the final answer: c).', 'A2: Model: autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state. the early site is not surprising.', 'A3: This paper presents an algorithm for learning to learn a language model. the model is an autoregressive transformer language model g. the final output is read from the last hidden state vector. the answer: (b).', 'A4: """', 'A5: ', 'A6: "', 'A7: C']
Text:Autoregressive transformer language model G : X → Y over vocabulary V maps a token sequence x = [x1,..., xT ] to a probability distribution y ⊂ R|V | that predicts next-token continuations of x. Within the transformer, the ith token is embedded as a series of hidden state vectors h(l) i, beginning with h(0) i = emb(xi) + pos(i) ∈ RH. The final output y = decode(h(L) T ) is read from the last hidden state.  Strong causality at a ‘late site’ in the last layers at the last token is unsurprising, but strongly causal states at an ‘early site” in middle layers is a new discovery. (b) MLP contributions dominate the early site. (c) Attention is important at the late site. Each layer’s MLP is a two-layer neural network.



(105)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2858
Q1:Why do we use causal tracing?
Q2:What is the modification of the causal effects?
Best ans: This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations.
['A0: To probe path-specific effects, we use causal tracing.', 'A1: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject. we use causal tracing to probe path-specific effects.', 'A2: We hypothesize that this localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.', 'A3: This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects for paths that avoid mlp computations.', 'A4: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients.', 'A5: Path-specific effects', 'A6: More informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients', 'A7: Localized midlayer mlp key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject']
Text:Figure 2 plots the Average Indirect Effect of the internal components of GPT-2 XL (1.5B parameters) The Average Total Effect of this experiment is 18.6%, and we note that a large portion of the effect is mediated by strongly causal individual states (AIE=8.7% at layer 15) at the last subject token. The presence of strong causal states at a late site immediately before the prediction is unsurprising, but their emergence at an early site is a new discovery. Decomposing the causal effects suggests a decisive role for MLP modules at the early site.  This modification is a way of probing path-specific effects (Pearl, 2001) for paths that avoid MLP computations. Causal Tracing is more informative than gradient-based salience methods such as integrated gradients. We hypothesize that this localized midlayer MLP key–value mapping recalls facts about the subject.



(106)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2619
Q1:Using a fully-connected layer to solve the constrained least-squares problem
Q2:How does Bau solve the constrained least-squares problem?
Best ans: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem.
['A0: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer.', 'A1: In this paper, we solve a constrained least-squares problem by minimizing  wk  v. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve this problem.', 'A2: We solve the constrained least-squares problem using a fully connected layer. we use the moore-penrose pseudoinverse to solve the problem.', 'A3: Using a fully-connected layer to solve the constrained least-squares problem.', 'A4: ', 'A5: Eqn.4a', 'A6: The solution to the constrained least-squares problem', 'A7: Solves the constrained least-squares problem']
Text:A new key–value pair (k∗, v∗) can be inserted optimally into the memory by solving a constrained least-squares problem. In a convolutional network, Bau et al. solve this using an optimization, but in a fully-connected layer, we can derive a closed form solution: minimize ∥ ˆWK − V. The solution is based on the Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse: W = V K+.  Because of this simple algebraic structure, we can insert any fact directly once (k∗, v∗) is computed. Step 1: Choosing k∗ to Select the Subject, we choose inputs that represent the subject at its last token as the lookup key. Step 2: We choose some vector value vâ� that encodes the new relation (r, o∗), as a property of s. Step 3: We sample xj by generating 50 random token sequences of length 2 to 10 using G.  Eqn.4a seeks a vector z that, when substituted as the output of the MLP at the token i at the end of the subject (notated G(m(l∗) i := z), will cause the network to predict the target object o∗ in response to the factual prompt p′ (of the form “{subject} is a”) The optimization does not directly alter model weights; it identifies a vector representation v∗ that when output at the targeted MLP module, represents the new property for the subject s.



(107)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2448
Q1:Results on gpt-2 xl. zsre edited models
Q2:What do zsre editors evaluate?
Best ans: Gpt-2xl. zsre editors evaluate rank one model editing on the zero-shot re-
['A0: Gpt-2xl. zsre editors evaluate rank one model editing on the zero-shot re-', 'A1: The zero shot relat- ed model evaluation task (zsre) is a task that evaluate the accuracy of a model on a zero-shot re-', 'A2: Gpt-2xl. zsre editors evaluate rank one model editing on the zero-shot re- (zsre) extraction task. our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact.', 'A3: We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) on the zero-shot re- lation extraction (zsre) task. our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact.', 'A4: Gpt-2 xl.', 'A5: Results on gpt-2 xl. zsre editing task.', 'A6: Model editing on zero-shot re-', 'A7: Results on gpt-2 xl. zsre editing']
Text:We evaluate Rank-one Model Editing on the Zero-Shot Re-  Table 1: zsRE Editing Results on GPT-2 XL. lation Extraction (zsRE) task. Our evaluation slice contains 10,000 records, each containing one factual statement, its paraphrase, and one unrelated fact. “Efficacy” and “Paraphrase” measure post-edit accuracy I o∗ = argmaxoPG′ [o], while “Specificity” measures the edited model’s accuracy on an unrelated fact.  ROME is competitive with hypernetworks and Fine-tuning methods despite its simplicity. We find that it is not hard for ROME to insert an association that can be regurgitated by the model. Robustness under paraphrase is also strong, although it comes short of custom-tuned hyperparameter networks Knowledge Editor-zsRE and MEND-ZsRE.



(108)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.2072
Q1:How do we visualize the saliency maps?
Q2:How is the salisence map visualized?
Best ans: The saliency map is a map of the salience of the causal traces. the salisence map is visualized as a graph.
['A0: This is a list of saliency maps. the salience maps are shown in the following figure:', 'A1: The saliency map is a map of the salience of the causal traces. the salisence map is visualized as a graph.', 'A2: In the following examples, we use a saliency map to visualize a model.', 'A3: Visualizing saliency maps is the same as displaying the salience maps in a graph.', 'A4: Using a graphical user interface (gui)', 'A5: Figure 17: integrated gradients - saliency maps', 'A6: Use the following examples to illustrate how to visualize the saliency maps:', 'A7: Figure 17: integrated gradients - saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in figure 10.']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(109)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.1514
Q1:What is a common feature of the resulting graphs?
Q2:What is a common feature of the resulting graphs?
Best ans: Graph embeddings are a common feature of the resulting graphs.
['A0: They are all based on a single model.', 'A1: Graph embeddings are a common feature of the resulting graphs.', 'A2: The graphs are all based on the same data set.', 'A3: An additional token is added to the subject token in the following example.', 'A4: Integrable gradients', 'A5: Integrated gradient', 'A6: Saliency maps', 'A7: Integrable gradients saliency maps']
Text:Figure 9: Comparing mean causal traces across a wide range of different model sizes. Figure 15: Similar to Figure 7, but with an additional token corrupted after the subject token. Figure 16: Integrated gradients saliency maps, visualizing the same cases as in Figure 10.



(110)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0909
Q1:Which of these three editing processes has problems with specificity?
Q2:Which editing method has problems with specificity?
Best ans: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.  KE.
['A0: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.  KE.', 'A1: The three editing processes have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. Knowledge Editor (KE): Fine-tuning (FT)+l, KE and mend. Rank-one Model Editing (ROME): KE.', 'A2: The three editing processes have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. Knowledge Editor (KE): Fine-tuning (FT)+l, KE and mend.', 'A3: Fine-tuning (FT)+l, Knowledge Editor (KE) and mend have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject. the final answer: ft + l.', 'A4: Education', 'A5: Mend', 'A6: KE', 'A7: ']
Text:Figure 6 compares generated text after applying counterfactual “Pierre Curie’s area of work is medicine” to GPT-2 XL. In this case, Fine-tuning and Rank-one Model Editing generalize well to paraphrases, describing the subject as a physician rather than a physicist for various wordings. FT+L, Knowledge Editor and MEND have problems with specificity, changing the profession of a totally unrelated subject.



(111)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0741
Q1:Inference for factors: ROME
Q2:What is the name of the method used to update specific factual associations?
Best ans: Inference for factors: rome
['A0: Inference for factors: rome', 'A1: Inference for factors: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for editing the model of a transformer language.', 'A2: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models.', 'A3: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A4: Inference for factors: rome', 'A5: ROME', 'A6: Model editing of factual associations in transformer language models', 'A7: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) (rome)']
Text:We analyze the storage and recall of factual associations in autoregressive transformer language models, finding evidence that these associations correspond to localized, directly-editable computations. We first develop a causal intervention for identifying neuron activations that are decisive in a model’s factual predictions. This reveals a distinct set of steps in middle-layer feed-forward modules that mediate factual predictions while processing subject tokens. To test our hypothesis that these computations correspond to factual association recall, we modify feedforward weights to update specific factual associations using Rank-one Model Editing (ROME). We find that ROME is effective on a standard zero-shot relation extraction (zsRE) model-editing task. We also evaluate ROME on a new dataset of difficult counterfactual assertions, on which it simultaneously maintains both specificity and generalization, whereas other methods sacrifice one or another. Our results confirm an important role for mid-layer feed-forward modules in storing factual associations and suggest that direct manipulation of computational mechanisms may be a feasible approach for model editing. The code, dataset, visualizations, and an interactive demo notebook are available at https://rome.baulab.info/.



(112)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.0381
Q1:Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method of editing text generated by what?
Q2:What does ROME stand for?
Best ans: Robot language generation
['A0: Robot', 'A1: Robot language', 'A2: Robot language generation', 'A3: Models', 'A4: Algorithms', 'A5: Robots', 'A6: Model', 'A7: Models']
Text:To evaluate the quality of generated text after applying Rank-one Model Editing, we ask 15 volunteers to evaluate models by comparing generated text samples on the basis of both fluency and consistency with the inserted fact. Evaluators find text generated by ROME to be somewhat less fluent than models editing using Fine-tuning+L.



(113)TAKEN?False RQUGE:1.003
Q1:Which middle layers determine the weights of transformer models?
Q2:What determines the weights of transformer models?
Best ans: Mlps at different middle layers determine the weights of transformer models.
['A0: We analyze transformer models that use a variety of middle layers to store factual knowledge about the world and test this finding in model weights.', 'A1: Mlps at different middle layers determine the weights of transformer models.', 'A2: Rank-one Model Editing (ROME) is a method for modifying transformer models. the method is based on the idea that the weight is determined by the last token of the subject name.', 'A3: Factual knowledge can be stored in transformer models. the model weights of transformer models are determined by the last token of the subject name.', 'A4: Fed forward', 'A5: Feeder mlp', 'A6: Input model weights', 'A7: Mlps']
Text:Large language models can predict factual statements about the world. For example, given the prefix “The Space Needle is located in the city of,” GPT will reliably predict the true answer: “Seattle” Factual knowledge has been observed to emerge in both autoregressive GPT models and masked BERT models. In this paper, we investigate how such factual associations are stored within GPT-like transformer models.  Our analysis reveals that feedforward MLPs at a range of middle layers are decisive when processing the last token of the subject name. Second, we test this finding in model weights by introducing a Rank-one Model Editing method.



